Infinitiv: ni
Nominativ-Fall: na
Akkusativ-Fall: ka
Thema-Fall: ta
Hallo: ca
Genitiv-Fall: sa
Adjektiv: ci
und: wa
mich: mi
Sie: ya
uns: nlah
es: yi
Reiseziel-Fall: ti
Dativ-Fall: pa
Innere-Kontext: tu
Person-Kontext: pi
abhängig-Klausel: yu
perfektiv-Aspekt: fa
Vergangenheit-Tempus: ki
männlich-Geschlecht: si
Komitativ-Fall: mwih
Geschenk-Tempus: ma
benefactive-Fall: pwah
Essiv-Fall: swih
nicht: nu
seine: tsih
Oberfläche-Kontext: su
adpositional-Fall: pu
Lage-Fall: te
Raum-Kontext: no
Weg-Fall: ra
instrumental-Fall: se
fragend-Stimmung: ri
und-oder: to
Exklusiv-oder: ku
Quelle-Fall: so
Ablativ-Fall: lwah
demonstrativ: di
aber: la
feminin-Geschlecht: ne
Plural--Nummer: lu
Zukunft-Tempus: we
Sozial--Kontext: mo
imperfective-Aspekt: me
Dort: klah
bedingt-Stimmung: co
Mehr: kcoh
relativ-Fall: nwih
illative-Fall: lwih
Direktive-Stimmung: de
deontische-Stimmung: da
Frage-Wort: slah
Kopula: ksah
Person: psoh
andere: tcoh
Anzahl: do
sehr: tcah
Zeit: trah
Zeit-Kontext: ro
temporal-Fall: mrah
etwa: ke
epistemischen-Stimmung: pe
nur: twuh
dann: pcah
anspornend-Stimmung: twah
retrospektiv-Aspekt: rwih
volitive-Stimmung: li
Vor: tceh
nach: ba
veräußerlich-Besitz: lyih
unveräußerlich-Besitz: nlih
deliberativen-Stimmung: drih
perlative-Fall: pwih
progressiv-Aspekt: psih
Hier: tcih
unter-Kontext: ce
delative-Fall: dwih
semelfactive-Aspekt: mweh
Neo: nyoh
Fokus: fo
Liebe: pyah
paucal-Nummer: ploh
da: yo
kausal-Fall: ksih
Name: gi
richtig-Substantiv: tsah
anspornend: re
sichtbar-beweiskräftig: crih
desiderative-Stimmung: dwah
terminative-Fall: twih
Inessiv-Fall: nweh
Imperativ-Stimmung: prih
glauben: kcah
Bundesland-Kontext: ga
Hoffnung: cwah
Factive-beweiskräftig: fwih
Optativ-Stimmung: pcih
realis-Stimmung: le
Potenzial-Stimmung: tlah
Allativ-Fall: lweh
anthropische-Geschlecht: fi
Gegenstand: wo
gleich-Fach-Marker: cyah
anders-Fach: fe
Angst: ko
Zweifel: cu
dubitative-Stimmung: tweh
interessieren: nyih
Vialis-Fall: wi
komisch: trih
Veränderung: ryih
glücklich: clah
außer: swah
Verlangen: kwah
Länge: lo
Wahrscheinlichkeit: bi
Vereinbarung: grah
Schwierigkeiten: mlah
quotative-Fall: kwih
inklusive-Person: lwoh
Precativ-Stimmung: rwah
höflich-Neu-registrieren: brih
prospektiv-Aspekt: tfah
gnomic-Aspekt: go
inchoative-Aspekt: zi
jussive-Stimmung: jwih
freizügig-Stimmung: mwah
richtig: kcih
distalen-demonstrativ: tseh
distributive-Fall: nwah
entschlossen: treh
Schmerz: droh
weise: ja
besitzergreifend-Marker: srah
kommissiven-Stimmung: mu
überraschen: crah
completive-Aspekt: kweh
Zorn: nrah
Stolz: brah
Es-tut-uns leid: pceh
Mut: krah
Anmut: nreh
Bewegung: mroh
ängstlich: cwih
Einstellung-Aspekt: za
Verstärker: tfih
beweiskräftig-Fall: ryah
traurig: syah
Andernfalls: tyah
zoic-Geschlecht: zo
eventive-Stimmung: nwoh
gleich-Ereignis-Marker: cwoh
Multiplikations-Fall: plah
überrascht: prah
Mitleid: lyah
Masse: mlih
zufrieden: srih
Tugend: be
spekulativ-Stimmung: po
familiär-Neu-registrieren: krih
verwundet: frah
Trauer: proh
eh?: nyah
danken: kyah
Schande: ru
Phrase-Marker: fyah
treu: cyih
Aufregung: tyeh
hesternal-Tempus: tleh
Hass: tyih
rational-Geschlecht: tlih
extrem: kreh
pflanzlich-Geschlecht: slih
Neugierde: kyih
erschrocken: kcuh
Artikel: myah
Segen-Stimmung: bwih
schuldig: dlih
ignorant: nrih
großzügig: drah
Initiative-Fall: twoh
verspätet-Imperativ: ji
berichtet-beweiskräftig: psah
Schuld: dlah
Elend: kfah
Singular-Nummer: gu
verzeihen: pfah
Geduld: je
Bezugs: freh
einsam: kyoh
Charme: croh
Begeisterung: tsuh
induktiv-Stimmung: tcuh
Diskurs-Kontext: ye
Vokativ-Fall: bo
Verachtung: grih
Ermahnung-Stimmung: tyuh
Ambition: bwah
kontinuierlich-Aspekt: nyeh
direkt-beweiskräftig: troh
besorgt-Stimmung: pcoh
Schock: cruh
kürzlich-Vergangenheit-Tempus: clih
eindeutig-Artikel: klih
eifersüchtig: ryuh
imprecatory-Stimmung: mrih
Gleichgültigkeit: du
assumptive-Stimmung: syih
Verletzung: kroh
protasis: rwoh
feindlich: cyuh
Mimetikum: mreh
nämlich: gwih
hodiernal-Tempus: dloh
delimitative-Aspekt: dweh
exklusiv-Person: kwuh
telic-Aspekt: tfeh
Atelic-Aspekt: tsoh
unerschwinglich-Stimmung: jrih
Folter: nroh
Loyalität: nloh
momentane-Aspekt: myeh
Vergebung: jrah
demütigen-Neu-registrieren: myih
ehemalige-Verstorbene: frih
Zitat: wu
Ärger: zrah
gewohnheitsmäßig-Aspekt: bu
Folge: kseh
Sorgfalt: dyih
formal-Neu-registrieren: sreh
Hör--beweiskräftig: creh
Verbindung: ksoh
folgernd-beweiskräftig: flih
Kraftausdruck: sleh
sublative-Fall: swoh
deklarative-Stimmung: ksuh
verbal: kceh
positiv-Stimmung: fwah
Unzufriedenheit: dyah
idiophone: dyoh
übertrieben-Fall: zwah
irrealis-Stimmung: ze
Schüchternheit: cyoh
Anpassung: pyih
Pronomen-Marker: ryeh
unterdrücken: zroh
Gleichmut: jyah
pegative-Fall: pweh
prosecutive-Fall: pwuh
Beschäftigung: byah
Partizip: pfih
entfernt-Vergangenheit-Tempus: dzah
historisch-Tempus: sroh
Hysterie: syeh
Dual-Nummer: dluh
sensorisch-beweiskräftig-Stimmung: xi
Bewegung-bergauf: ryoh
retrospektiv: txih
Bewegung-bergab: myoh
gebeugt: blih
superessive-Fall: psuh
transitiv: t6
Frustration: xrah
Bewegung-flussaufwärts: truh
Bewegung-flussabwärts: txah
Trennung: xo
Enttäuschung: tloh
Strom-Relevanz-Marker: xa
Akronym: qi
initialism: nl6h
Gerundium: ge
Präteritum: preh
aorist: broh
partitiv-Fall: pxih
Offenbarung: pf6h
Unterstützten: xe
Phobie: xyoh
Ermittler: txeh
prädikativ: plih
prolative-Fall: pxah
veridical: vyih
Binär---Wert: vrih
endlich-Verb: vi
Versuch-Nummer: pc6h
Profi-Satz: r6
Freundschaft: va
gnomic-Stimmung: kxih
zentrisch-Fall: dreh
vor-hodiernal: x6
geduldig-Fall: qa
schräg-Fall: bwoh
Mitte-Stimme: tyoh
identifizierbar: xyah
Tor-auslösen: groh
geberischen-Fall: dvah
nicht-Mensch: n6
abschwäche: nyuh
multal-Nummer: mloh
trans-Ziffer: ts6h
Galaxis-Geschlecht: gjah
Tschüss: jwah
Abessiv-Fall: bvah
Adessiv-Fall: dvih
zu-Fall: kxah
Agens-Fall: dveh
Agent-auslösen: greh
Darsteller-Rolle: nruh
verbreitet-Geschlecht: k6
Begleiter: kloh
passiv-Stimme: pyoh
Star-Geschlecht: qrah
Zitat-bilden: xu
verbal-Substantiv: xlih
Klausel--tail: kluh
direkt-Objekt: rweh
ergative-Fall: gvih
in---Sprache: byih
Lokativ-Fall: kwoh
adverbial-Fall: vlah
Finale-Teilchen: nluh
evitative-Fall: ve
besitzergreifend-Fall: kfih
Substantivierung: mleh
besessen-Fall: djah
Hilfs--Verb: fyih
primär-Objekt: myuh
antessive-Fall: nleh
animieren-Geschlecht: xrih
subessive-Fall: bvih
Fahrzeug-Geschlecht: vlih
Mineral-Geschlecht: xwih
Verb---Endung: kxeh
einfühlsam-Freude: pfeh
Veränderung-von-Event: qrih
anders-Event: txoh
Universum-Geschlecht: bjih
Gegend-Geschlecht: lyeh
Forschung-Geschlecht: txuh
künstlerisch-Geschlecht: s6
crastinal-Tempus: sl6h
abstrakt-Geschlecht: sruh
exocentric-Fall: zrih
transitiv-Verb: tfoh
Vergangenheit-perfektiv: tr6h
indirekt-Rede: dyeh
zweite-Sprache: sr6h
Kollektiv-Substantiv: kxoh
absolutive-Fall: bvuh
geduldig-auslösen: pruh
selbst-Vertrauen: swuh
reflexiv-Stimme: flah
unpersönlich-Verb: pseh
modal-Fall: dleh
unbelebt-Geschlecht: djih
kausativ: kruh
propositive-Stimmung: pxoh
elektrisch-Strom: breh
assoziativ-Fall: sloh
Superlativ-Fall: sluh
Planeten--Geschlecht: pxeh
reziprok-Stimme: syoh
Ader-benefactive: kfeh
else-if: kyeh
aufeinanderfolgende-Klausel: lyoh
bald-Zukunft-Tempus: rwuh
applicative-Stimme: pyuh
Antipassiv-Stimme: ps6h
weiter-Aspekt: tfuh
necessitative-Stimmung: nr6h
Single-Aktion-Verb: qyah
Superlativ-Grad: tluh
Existenz-Klausel: sy6h
Geschenk-Partizip: vrah
leuchtend-Intensität: kyuh
singulative-Nummer: glih
passiv-Partizip: pfoh
übertrieben-Dauer: kxuh
Menge-von-Substanz: m6
postpositional-Fall: pwoh
Wahl--Quantor: vwih
epenthetic-Morphem: p6
negatory-Quantor: gwah
verbindend-Teilchen: qyih
entfernt-Zukunft-Tempus: tl6h
frequentative-Aspekt: f6
distributive-Pronomen: bzih
Ansprache-Zustimmung: ks6h
Universal--Quantor: xlah
Floating-Point---Zahl: fu
existentielle-Quantor: sweh
Alternative-Quantor: l6
Vergangenheit-passiv-Partizip: xyih
Lokativ-Richtungs--Fall: kfoh
kontra-bedingt: fyoh
