infinitif: ni
nominatif-cas: na
accusatif-cas: ka
sujet-cas: ta
Salut: ca
génitif-cas: sa
adjectif: ci
et: wa
moi: mi
toi: ya
nous: nlah
ce: yi
destination-cas: ti
datif-cas: pa
intérieur-le-contexte: tu
personne-le-contexte: pi
dépendant-clause: yu
perfectif-aspect: fa
passé-tendu: ki
masculin-le-genre: si
comitative-cas: mwih
présent-tendu: ma
benefactive-cas: pwah
essive-cas: swih
pas: nu
ses: tsih
surface-le-contexte: su
adpositional-cas: pu
emplacement-cas: te
espace-le-contexte: no
façon-cas: ra
instrumental-cas: se
interrogatif-humeur: ri
et-ou: to
OU-exclusif: ku
la-source-cas: so
ablatif-cas: lwah
démonstratif: di
mais: la
féminin-le-genre: ne
pluriel-nombre: lu
avenir-tendu: we
social-le-contexte: mo
non-accompli-aspect: me
Là: klah
conditionnel-humeur: co
plus: kcoh
relatif-cas: nwih
illatif-cas: lwih
directif-humeur: de
déontique-humeur: da
question-mot: slah
copule: ksah
la-personne: psoh
autre: tcoh
nombre: do
très: tcah
temps: trah
temps-le-contexte: ro
temporel-cas: mrah
environ: ke
épistémique-humeur: pe
seulement: twuh
puis: pcah
il-revêt-humeur: twah
rétrospective-aspect: rwih
volitive-humeur: li
avant: tceh
après: ba
aliénable-possession: lyih
inaliénable-possession: nlih
délibérant-humeur: drih
perlative-cas: pwih
progressive-aspect: psih
ici: tcih
en-dessous-de le contexte: ce
delative-cas: dwih
semelfactive-aspect: mweh
néo: nyoh
concentrer: fo
aimer: pyah
paucal-nombre: ploh
en-raison: yo
causal-cas: ksih
prénom: gi
correct-nom: tsah
il-revêt: re
visible-évident: crih
désidératif-humeur: dwah
terminative-cas: twih
inessif-cas: nweh
impératif-humeur: prih
croire: kcah
Etat-le-contexte: ga
espoir: cwah
factive-évident: fwih
optatif-humeur: pcih
realis-humeur: le
potentiel-humeur: tlah
allative-cas: lweh
anthropique-le-genre: fi
assujettir: wo
même-assujettir-marqueur: cyah
différent-assujettir: fe
la-crainte: ko
doute: cu
dubitative-humeur: tweh
intérêt: nyih
vialis-cas: wi
étrange: trih
changement: ryih
content: clah
mis-à-part: swah
désir: kwah
longueur: lo
probabilité: bi
une-entente: grah
difficulté: mlah
quotative-cas: kwih
compris-la-personne: lwoh
precative-humeur: rwah
poli-registre: brih
éventuel-aspect: tfah
gnomique-aspect: go
inchoative-aspect: zi
jussif-humeur: jwih
permissif-humeur: mwah
correct: kcih
distale-démonstratif: tseh
distributif-cas: nwah
déterminé: treh
douleur: droh
sage: ja
possessif-marqueur: srah
commissive-humeur: mu
surprise: crah
complétif-aspect: kweh
colère: nrah
fierté: brah
Pardon: pceh
courage: krah
la-grâce: nreh
mouvement: mroh
anxieux: cwih
cessation-aspect: za
intensificateur: tfih
évident-cas: ryah
triste: syah
autrement: tyah
zoic-le-genre: zo
eventive-humeur: nwoh
même-un-événement marqueur: cwoh
multiplicatif-cas: plah
surpris: prah
pitié: lyah
Masse: mlih
satisfait: srih
la-vertu: be
spéculatif-humeur: po
familier-registre: krih
blessés: frah
chagrin: proh
hein?: nyah
remercier: kyah
honte: ru
phrase-marqueur: fyah
fidèle: cyih
excitation: tyeh
hesternal-tendu: tleh
haine: tyih
rationnel-le-genre: tlih
extrême: kreh
végétal-le-genre: slih
curiosité: kyih
effrayé: kcuh
article: myah
bénédiction-humeur: bwih
coupable: dlih
ignorant: nrih
généreux: drah
initiative-cas: twoh
différé-impératif: ji
signalé-évident: psah
faire-des-reproches: dlah
la-misère: kfah
singulier-nombre: gu
pardonner: pfah
la-patience: je
référentielle: freh
solitaire: kyoh
charme: croh
enthousiasme: tsuh
inductif-humeur: tcuh
discours-le-contexte: ye
vocatif-cas: bo
mépris: grih
admonition-humeur: tyuh
ambition: bwah
continu-aspect: nyeh
direct-évident: troh
inquiet-humeur: pcoh
choc: cruh
récent-passé-tendu: clih
précis-article: klih
jaloux: ryuh
imprecatory-humeur: mrih
indifférence: du
présumé-humeur: syih
blessure: kroh
protase: rwoh
hostile: cyuh
mimétique: mreh
à-savoir: gwih
hodiernal-tendu: dloh
delimitative-aspect: dweh
exclusif-la-personne: kwuh
télique-aspect: tfeh
atélique-aspect: tsoh
prohibitif-humeur: jrih
torture: nroh
fidélité: nloh
momentane-aspect: myeh
le-pardon: jrah
humble-registre: myih
ancien-décédé: frih
citation: wu
ennui: zrah
habituel-aspect: bu
consécutif: kseh
diligence: dyih
formel-registre: sreh
auditif-évident: creh
conjonction: ksoh
inférence-évident: flih
explétif: sleh
sublative-cas: swoh
déclaratif-humeur: ksuh
verbal: kceh
affirmative-humeur: fwah
insatisfaction: dyah
idiophone: dyoh
excessif-cas: zwah
irréel-humeur: ze
la-timidité: cyoh
adaptation: pyih
pronom-marqueur: ryeh
opprimer: zroh
équanimité: jyah
pegative-cas: pweh
prosecutive-cas: pwuh
la-préoccupation: byah
participe: pfih
éloigné-passé-tendu: dzah
historique-tendu: sroh
hystérie: syeh
double-nombre: dluh
sensoriel-évident-humeur: xi
mouvement-montée: ryoh
rétrospective: txih
mouvement-une-descente: myoh
fléchie: blih
superessive-cas: psuh
transitif: t6
frustration: xrah
mouvement-en-amont: truh
mouvement-en-aval: txah
disjonction: xo
déception: tloh
courant-pertinence-marqueur: xa
acronyme: qi
initialism: nl6h
gérondif: ge
prétérit: preh
aoriste: broh
partitif-cas: pxih
Épiphanie: pf6h
augmentatif: xe
phobie: xyoh
déterminant: txeh
prédicatif: plih
prolative-cas: pxah
véridique: vyih
binaire-valeur: vrih
fini-verbe: vi
procès-nombre: pc6h
Pro-phrase: r6
relation-amicale: va
gnomique-humeur: kxih
central-cas: dreh
hodiernal-pré: x6
patient-cas: qa
oblique-cas: bwoh
milieu-voix: tyoh
identifiable: xyah
objectif-gâchette: groh
latif-cas: dvah
non-Humain: n6
atténuant: nyuh
multal-nombre: mloh
trans-numéral: ts6h
galaxie-le-genre: gjah
au-revoir: jwah
abessive-cas: bvah
adessive-cas: dvih
à-cas: kxah
agentive-cas: dveh
agent-gâchette: greh
acteur-rôle: nruh
commun-le-genre: k6
accompagnateur: kloh
passif-voix: pyoh
étoile-le-genre: qrah
citation-forme: xu
verbal-nom: xlih
clause---queue: kluh
direct-objet: rweh
ergative-cas: gvih
en-langue: byih
locatif-cas: kwoh
adverbial-cas: vlah
final-particule: nluh
evitative-cas: ve
possessif-cas: kfih
nominalisation: mleh
possédé-cas: djah
auxiliaire-verbe: fyih
primaire-objet: myuh
antessive-cas: nleh
animer-le-genre: xrih
subessive-cas: bvih
véhicule-le-genre: vlih
minéral-le-genre: xwih
verbe---suffixe: kxeh
empathique-joie: pfeh
changement-de-un événement: qrih
différent-un-événement: txoh
univers-le-genre: bjih
localité-le-genre: lyeh
recherche-le-genre: txuh
artistique-le-genre: s6
crastinal-tendu: sl6h
abstrait-le-genre: sruh
exocentrique-cas: zrih
transitif-verbe: tfoh
passé-perfectif: tr6h
indirect-parole: dyeh
seconde-la-langue: sr6h
collectif-nom: kxoh
absolutive-cas: bvuh
patient-gâchette: pruh
soi-confiance: swuh
réfléchi-voix: flah
impersonnel-verbe: pseh
modal-cas: dleh
inanimé-le-genre: djih
causal: kruh
propositive-humeur: pxoh
électrique-courant: breh
associatif-cas: sloh
superlatif-cas: sluh
planétaire-le-genre: pxeh
réciproque-voix: syoh
noyau-benefactive: kfeh
else-if: kyeh
successif-clause: lyoh
bientôt-avenir-tendu: rwuh
applicative-voix: pyuh
antipassif-voix: ps6h
continuative-aspect: tfuh
necessitative-humeur: nr6h
unique-action-verbe: qyah
superlatif-degré: tluh
existentiel-clause: sy6h
présent-participe: vrah
lumineux-intensité: kyuh
singulative-nombre: glih
passif-participe: pfoh
excessif-durée: kxuh
montant-de-substance: m6
postpositionnel-cas: pwoh
électif-quantificateur: vwih
épenthétique-morphème: p6
négatoire-quantificateur: gwah
conjonctif-particule: qyih
éloigné-avenir-tendu: tl6h
fréquentatif-aspect: f6
distributif-pronom: bzih
allocution-une-entente: ks6h
universel-quantificateur: xlah
virgule-flottante-nombre: fu
existentiel-quantificateur: sweh
alternative-quantificateur: l6
passé-passif-participe: xyih
locatif-directionnel-cas: kfoh
contrefactuelle-conditionnel: fyoh
