infinito: hnit
nominativo-caso: hnak
accusativo-caso: hkak
argomento-caso: htak
genitore: hmat
padre: hpap
mamma: hmam
Ciao: hnat
antenato: htat
nonno: hyat
Affamato: hcac
genitivo-caso: hnik
aggettivo: hcit
e: hwan
me: hmic
tu: hnan
noi: hnam
esso: hyic
destinazione-caso: htas
dativo-caso: htik
interno-contesto: htis
persona-contesto: hpak
dipendente-clausola: htan
perfective-aspetto: htap
passato-teso: hkat
maschile-Genere: hsan
comitative-caso: hmik
presente-teso: hyan
benefactive-caso: hpik
essive-caso: swik
non: hnic
la-sua: hsis
superficie-contesto: hsak
adpositional-caso: hpan
luogo-caso: hwak
spazio-contesto: hnos
modo-caso: hrak
strumentale-caso: hsik
quale: hkan
interrogativo-umore: hnim
e-o: htam
esclusivo---o: hkit
fonte-caso: hsok
ablativo-caso: hlak
espansivo: hdit
ma: hlan
tutti: hsut
femminile-Genere: hnin
essi: hwin
plurale-numero: hlun
uno: hyik
futuro-teso: hwet
sociale-contesto: hson
quando: hkap
imperfective-aspetto: hmap
Là: hkac
condizionale-umore: hcan
Di-più: hdoc
su: htac
parente-caso: hrik
illative-caso: hlik
fare: hkas
direttiva-umore: hden
deontica-umore: hdim
domanda-parola: hwac
copula: hkok
persona: hpon
maschio: hman
poteva: kwat
altro: hcon
numero: hnoc
molto: tcac
orario: htim
tempo-contesto: htos
temporale-caso: hmak
di: hkam
epistemica-umore: hsim
solo: htun
piccolo: hcak
poi: pcan
hortative-umore: hton
retrospettiva-aspetto: hrip
ottimo: hcat
volitiva-umore: hlim
prima: hsec
deve: pcic
due: htut
vedere: tcan
sapere: hsat
fuori-uso: hcin
a-seguito-di: hcas
primo: hpas
proprio: hpun
alienabile-possesso: hlic
mai: hnac
inalienabile-possesso: hkic
vecchio: hwat
deliberativo-umore: hcim
giorno: htin
dove: hnap
venga: hlat
modo: hyas
lavoro: hkaf
vocale: hwaf
partire: hkun
perlative-caso: pwik
progressivo-aspetto: hpip
lungo: hlac
dire: hsac
Come: hkin
anche: hpit
indietro: hwap
Qui: hcic
pensare: hcik
stesso: hsam
ultimo: kcac
lontano: twan
sotto-contesto: hnas
prendere: htit
trovato: hfan
mano: cyat
giovane: hyac
anche-se: hyap
dare: hkik
Dio: hmac
delative-caso: lwak
Niente: hmin
destra: hyit
una-volta: hyam
semelfactive-aspetto: fwip
parte: hpat
sega: htic
casa: hfas
mondo: tcat
capo: hcaf
tre: tyin
neo: hnon
messa-a-fuoco: hcok
amore: hpac
sempre: hsit
notte: hwit
a-testa: hmit
re: hyak
fra: hsin
cuore: cyin
paucal-numero: plom
perché: hyok
causale-caso: ksak
cosa: hkis
impostato: swat
nome: hnem
corretto-sostantivo: hran
hortative: hrat
nazione: hlit
chiesto: hput
visibile-probatorio: crit
meglio: pcac
lato: psac
corso: hkus
femmina: hfin
abbastanza: kyat
presto: hpuc
completo: hcun
camera: hfac
quasi: hlap
non-può: nyat
acqua: hwik
desiderativo-umore: hdin
leggero: lyak
né: hnun
parola: slat
porta: tyan
uso: hpus
mattina: hsap
terminative-caso: twik
energia: hkuk
loro-stessi: hmis
presente: hyin
voce: hwas
bianco: hpis
i-soldi: tlan
Il-prossimo: kyak
povero: hyis
morte: hmut
forma: hfam
inessive-caso: nwik
genere: tyac
di-frequente: tsan
anno: nwan
amico: myat
ordine: hyut
imperativo-umore: hpim
tondo: hcut
credere: hban
pubblico: hpin
stato-contesto: hsas
figlio: psat
centinaio: hmas
bambini: hcis
così: tyak
speranza: hcap
al-di-sopra: hyip
caro: pyin
leggere: pyac
città: hsic
già: hpic
fatto: hfat
Factive-probatorio: hfit
sentire: hsun
meno: hmim
forse: pyat
aprire: kcat
corpo: tcic
aria: cwac
natura: nyit
Aiuto: mlat
lettera: lyat
quattro: ksat
ottativo-umore: hpam
fuoco: hfak
dunque: hyif
ora: hcam
gratuito: tyit
guerra: syat
se: hsaf
ragionare: kyan
unito: hnut
chiamata: hkuc
come-mai: hwam
perso: hkut
mille: tsas
famiglia: hfic
anima: twam
domanda: swac
cura: kcan
Realis-umore: hlin
significare: mwit
potenziale-umore: hten
in-direzione: cyan
allativo-caso: lwik
antropico-Genere: hrin
breve: kyut
capace: hyuk
abitare: hkip
soggetto: hsek
stesso-soggetto-marcatore: hcek
diverso-soggetto: hfek
risposta: tsat
mare: mwat
la-paura: hcoc
capire: pcat
difficile: kyin
condizioni: tyut
dubbio: hdac
dubitativa-umore: twin
chiedere: psan
braccia: tcas
nero: clis
portare: tyat
bellissimo: ksis
buio: tcak
tenere: psak
dieci: htaf
mostrare: pyan
storia: hkif
comune: kwan
libro: hkup
elettronico: lyin
parlare: plak
marchio: myac
interesse: nyis
scrivere: kcit
letto: pwat
necessario: syis
idea: hwis
arte: klat
Vialis-caso: hlas
fratello: pyak
a-volte: ksas
linea: lyan
tavola: tlas
fiume: nwit
occhio: kyac
informazioni: fyin
ad-un-tratto: tfan
strano: hgan
in-profondità: ksan
cambiamento: hrit
sensazione: nwac
incontrare: mlit
scopo: htuc
contento: hcuc
sembrare: syit
sangue: cyac
rosa: kwas
Sud: swan
freddo: tlat
inoltrare: myik
posizione: psis
in-ritardo: tyam
stare-in-piedi: syan
supporre: nlas
figlia: pyit
il-mio: myan
tagliare: hkim
copia: hfap
marito: hgat
sei: hlis
ricorda: twat
effetto: hyaf
cadere: htuk
tranne: hsip
capelli: hpaf
passaggio: pyas
diritto-d'autore: pcit
esercito: cyit
correre: kcak
cavallo: kcas
futuro: hwic
ovest: pcak
paga: plit
rosso: hyun
oro: tcun
desiderio: hdan
giocare: plin
maestro: mwas
ufficio: hfus
governo: syak
chiesa: kyas
lunghezza: hlen
azienda: ksin
carta: kyis
probabilità: hbin
particolarmente: cyas
orso: pcas
finestra: cyak
accordo: hgac
bellezza: syac
dovere: tfac
inviare: fyan
distanza: htif
silenzio: slan
piede: fyat
selvaggio: kyik
morire: myam
salvare: pfan
verde: kcin
problemi: mlan
sorriso: myak
sbagliato: clat
vario: pcin
dormire: slit
quotative-caso: kwik
inizio: cwan
azione: kfan
visita: fwat
seguire: nlan
provare: tcis
presenza: psit
dolce: tlit
ricco: tcin
nemico: tcam
nave: hcip
condizione: kyit
Compreso: hkum
inclusivo-persona: hlon
segreto: kwit
precative-umore: pwim
gentile-registro: hbit
Male: pwac
marzo: myas
qualunque: kwac
restare: hlam
anziché: plat
blu: plan
impossibile: psap
scuola: hsuk
occasione: ksac
sposato: nwat
cibo: hcuk
venti: tsis
silenzioso: tcit
con-facilità: hnis
potenziale-aspetto: hrap
lingua: lyac
espressione: syas
settimana: hsus
sala: hcum
Pericolo: kcic
Proprietà: myit
Nato: nyan
corte: kcut
generalmente: tyap
gnomic-aspetto: hmip
di-valore: tyas
semplice: syap
albero: pyic
combattimento: pyap
parete: twit
Paradiso: cwak
incoativo-aspetto: htip
jussive-umore: hjin
tono: twun
considerare: klan
previsto: pcik
mese: hmaf
esperienza: nyap
interamente: nyac
fresco: tsac
duca: hnuk
coperto: kwak
limite: hyim
est: tyuk
pietra: pwan
piuttosto: kfat
direzione: tlac
sedia: kwis
supporto: syut
data: tyic
villaggio: klac
campo: clit
autorizzazione: nwin
permissivo-umore: hmom
successo: slak
corretto: hric
collina: clin
musica: ksik
distale-espansivo: hdat
pomeriggio: htup
piangere: hyuc
onore: hnaf
Sette: swit
privato: pfat
notizie: nwas
scena: slac
giardino: cyam
gara: htus
distributivo-caso: twak
imparare: clan
politico: syik
menzogna: kcun
lanciare: tsak
mangiare: kcam
pavimento: hlaf
malato: pwin
originale: mlin
estate: kyam
religione: tlam
immagine: ksit
fuga: plap
autore: hlut
colore-marrone: pyun
determinato: htem
dolore: hdon
molla: psin
secolo: syic
morbido: mwan
angolo: kyun
produrre: psas
ridere: cyaf
dimenticare: flat
Europa: hyup
otto: lwat
vestito: lwac
terribile: cyap
respiro: syaf
saggio: hbas
possessivo-marcatore: srak
memoria: myin
moderno: fwan
individuare: tcap
salire: hyus
interruzione: pyik
cinquanta: hfis
isola: tlap
toccare: hsuc
promessa: pcam
commissivo-umore: mwin
grado: tfat
piano: plac
condotta: nyak
sorpresa: cran
minuto: hmun
tiro: hwut
peggio: pcap
bicchiere: klak
esempio: tlin
al-sicuro: hsif
medico: tsit
completive-aspetto: hmep
ripetuto: tyun
militare: slin
caldo: nyam
bere: pfin
domande: pcaf
rabbia: nran
direttamente: tyik
cappello: hcup
cane: kwap
servitore: hnuc
orgoglio: hram
folla: tcuc
treno: nyin
morale: myut
associato: kyim
inserire: fyak
regola: nyas
spada: cwat
attacco: kfak
Salute: clac
paragrafo: pyaf
sociale: hsum
rimborso: tfit
scusa: hpec
coraggio: krac
grazia: hnen
ufficiale: hfaf
fornito: tsik
richiesta: pwit
colpo-d'occhio: klas
movimento: hyon
aspettarsi: cwit
di-fronte: psam
dodici: tyaf
impegnato: nyut
vino: hwun
gusto: swut
ferro: fyac
distribuire: syin
commercio: myap
vantaggio: twac
Abiti: kfip
giudice: fwak
differenza: tfaf
ansioso: kcis
Capitano: kwin
finito: nlat
cessazione-aspetto: hsep
curioso: kyic
straniera: kwic
intensificatore: hnif
importanza: myun
finalmente: hfim
fattura: fwin
dimostrare: hpuk
prevenire: flan
collo: cyun
legale: hfik
asciutto: swak
servire: syam
perdere: pcut
le-prove: pyut
probatorio-caso: hdak
progresso: pyis
costruzione: klit
ricerca: syuc
giù-di-morale: hrac
peccato: psip
trenta: tfis
onesto: tsin
chiuso: kyap
banca: pcun
destino: cyik
foresta: hfun
misura: mlac
altrimenti: htoc
ruscello: lyam
pane: hpup
aggiuntivo: tfak
scegliere: twas
animale: nwam
Zoic-Genere: hzin
eventive-umore: hwim
stesso-evento-marcatore: hcom
moltiplicativo-caso: tlak
spesso: hmus
creatura: hyum
pioggia: myic
superficie: pfas
santo: swis
luglio: clim
relazione: hfut
costa: pwas
file: hfif
spalla: cwut
sorpreso: kran
reale: klik
canzone: hkuf
comfort: kfaf
chiunque: nyic
erba: kcap
disegnare: cwik
apertura: cyic
giugno: cwun
pescare: mlic
capitale: klin
seno: cyut
la-neve: hcif
formazione-scolastica: tlik
acuto: tcaf
pietà: hdam
spese: fyas
il-tuo: hmuc
milione: mlun
stanco: tcik
uccidere: ksam
ombra: cwap
il-peso: plas
massa: mlas
stabilito: tlip
coraggioso: pyam
magro: plic
soddisfatto: srat
dai-un'occhiata: kcik
virtù: hdet
nazionale: nyaf
divine: swin
valle: clak
indovina: kwam
speculativo-umore: hken
giallo: clas
resti: mwac
piegato: nlac
scatola: pwak
la-stagione: tsim
la-scienza: slas
foro: kcuc
zio: hmuk
lista: lyit
agosto: ksut
popolare: hlup
sconosciuto: fyit
familiare: flak
familiare-registro: krit
lettore: tsut
approccio: pcuc
due-volte: tsap
intellettuale: tfik
veramente: tsam
sacerdote: pcis
ferito: fran
tristezza: hpom
palazzo: kfas
battere: clap
eh?: hnec
scemo: myuk
bordo: pfac
nove: nwun
scoppiare: psut
soffrire: tfas
rumore: hcus
letteratura: lyic
consigli: swas
vuoto: kcuk
rango: psik
tempesta: tcut
tasca: kyip
immaginazione: nlin
frase: cwas
novembre: nwap
dicembre: tsip
assenza: psic
ringraziare: ryak
indirizzo: tyis
uccello: pyuc
proprietario: mlik
cappotto: kwut
preparare: tyip
relazioni: lwan
fumo: htum
gennaio: nwak
macchina: clic
soddisfare: nyik
denti: tlis
vergogna: hcet
baia: kcaf
cervello: pyuk
anello: klic
frase-marcatore: frak
piazza: ksap
frutta: fyut
tè: tsic
spiegare: slam
ben-arrivata: cwam
poesia: pwis
acquistare: klam
fedele: hdic
eccitazione: hcen
quaranta: klis
aprile: pyip
gentilmente: kfit
ottobre: kfap
amaro: kyuc
schiavo: tlaf
sciolto: hluk
testo: tsus
credito: cyip
quindici: pfit
crudele: kcim
aderire: cluc
processo: hpif
crimine: kyaf
polvere: tsuc
pratico: plik
colore: nlak
distruggere: nyuc
aumentare: lyas
naso: hnus
ammettere: tyim
ieri: kfac
hesternal-teso: tlen
fallire: slap
continuare: tcim
indossare: pwam
cieco: nlit
dozzina: tsun
volare: fyap
lode: cwin
diavolo: cwaf
gradualmente: twic
sacrificio: kyif
esercizio: cyis
coscienza: tfin
teoria: tlic
ministro: myis
odiare: hnet
lago: cwic
centro: syun
svenire: pfic
razionale-Genere: hron
attento: fwac
godere: nlam
culto: pwap
articoli: twap
Pelle: twaf
tetto: tlut
corona: gyan
castello: klap
trono: tcus
allegato: nlaf
miglio: mlim
estremo: krim
prigione: fyis
tazza: kcip
membro: mlam
civile: syim
ovunque: tsaf
evidente: tfic
coppia: pwaf
volume: clam
costume: ksaf
arco: ksun
tuta: slut
carne: mwak
latte: hluc
vegetale-Genere: hwen
visione: slic
cottura-al-sangue: nlap
cugino: ksic
ponte: pwut
proteggere: pfak
sale: swam
innocente: hwus
regina: kwim
contare: kcus
curiosità: hras
danza: tyus
albergo: clut
riempire: flin
prigioniero: psun
negozio: hjan
le-scale: sric
elemosinare: hmen
sabbia: sran
violento: hgit
settembre: hsem
partenza: prac
rovina: crin
abilità: krin
bestiame: hwec
attrezzatura: hwip
cucina: hkon
vendere: hbak
velocità: hsot
conclusione: clon
computer: hkot
eterno: hsen
limitato: mrit
biblioteca: hbek
base: hbac
confusione: hrun
glorioso: cris
allo-stesso-modo: hjic
spaventati: hbic
infelice: prin
articolo: hrek
cuoco: kfin
banda: hbat
deserto: hget
bacio: hbun
palla: hbot
bastone: hpot
discussione: hrut
osservare: nrak
benedizione-umore: hbim
suggestivo: hrim
colpevole: hdis
pistola: hgin
forze-dell'ordine: plis
nascondere: hzan
spedizione: srin
ignorante: nrin
generoso: drac
nube: blan
rifiuto: htek
febbraio: frif
malattia: hren
trascorrere: bwan
fonte: sron
iniziativa-caso: hnok
zia: hbam
ritardo: dlic
ritardato-imperativo: hlip
segnalati-probatorio: prat
mezzanotte: dyit
eroe: nrac
filosofia: hfof
dito: hjit
confortevole: hzat
da-qualche-parte: hmoc
stampa: bran
personale: hraf
ricompensa: rwan
colpa: dlac
miseria: krat
fronte: htec
anno-Domini: glan
angelo: htet
singolare-numero: hgam
alba: hbon
commerciale: krak
perdonare: pran
pecora: hcec
pazienza: hpen
azienda-agricola: crac
referenziale: hrec
mais: mran
chiave: kcif
maggioranza: hmot
debolezza: hdut
atmosfera: traf
sospiro: tcoc
umanità: mlis
opposizione: pric
disco: hdik
solitario: hket
artista: nrat
cavaliere: cwis
fascino: tran
decisione: drin
governatore: gran
ramo: rwac
disposizione: hsoc
entusiasmo: tsum
induttivo-umore: hdum
comunità: hmum
il-petrolio: hyen
tubo: hbap
stampare: trat
Oh: dyoc
discorso-contesto: hros
vocativo-caso: hwok
cabina: ksen
allarme: plam
nervoso: hnes
permanente: hset
coltello: ksuk
seta: slik
disprezzo: grin
inferno: nrik
diviso: plen
seriamente: mrat
misto: mrik
di-legno: mrak
preferire: hpet
avvertimento: trin
ammonizione-umore: htom
impulso: hmos
ambizione: mrac
negare: hnek
costituzione: swic
strumento: srit
continuo-aspetto: hnip
marea: hgas
college: klen
coda: hkek
generazione: nric
gatto: blat
diretto-probatorio: hret
abbandonato: trac
undici: hyec
istinto: nlik
caratteristica: trit
tribù: hgik
apprensivo-umore: pcim
riparo: crat
maleducato: hruc
equitazione: hris
scuotere: hmon
industria: hdot
la-professione: hres
lampada: hdap
caffè: kfif
obbedire: htot
settentrionale: nrit
infermiera: nris
assicurare: hjat
catena: ryin
insegnamento: cric
scarpe: hgut
yard: mram
vago: hmec
altrove: hlet
appartamento: pret
attività: twot
Sabato: cram
luce-del-sole: hduc
vedova: hwuc
elemento: hlem
riflessione: hfen
organizzazione: hgis
stella: tram
incidente: hgon
ospite: hgip
bar: brap
bottiglia: hbet
benedire: blak
agitare: crak
interno: trik
fissare: krik
derivare: prit
cavo: hcot
Provincia: hpos
civiltà: srac
appendere: hgak
shock: crok
eccezione: swap
sforzo: tren
standard: ryan
guida: dran
sbarazzare: hruk
giurare: kses
tesoro: zran
seme: hbis
Torre: tras
favorito: fwit
da-poco-tempo: hcem
recente-passato-teso: hrot
sveglio: srik
arredamento: mrin
corda: hkos
avventura: hdas
reali: ryit
festa: dyat
descrivere: dras
sessanta: hses
scala: hkem
cerimonia: srec
caccia: clik
sussurrare: psus
in-gran-parte: ryat
cristianesimo: ksim
avvocato: hwif
dettaglio: drit
Principessa: hrus
altare: dlat
tela: hwes
porpora: brin
raccogliere: hkoc
elezione: hben
concezione: kren
ubriaco: crik
versare: brac
sollevamento: hlif
gesto: hjis
gestire: rwin
scambio: tcen
definito-articolo: hdek
imperatore: mras
remoto: hroc
brutta: clup
innocuo: cras
rotolo: hrof
pollice: nlic
giornale: grat
barba: dric
lacrima: srim
commissione: kson
mentre: grak
incrocio: kcoc
indipendenza: htes
odore: hwon
diciotto: hdec
storico: tris
lordo: krut
radice: hrok
fango: hbik
sposa: dlan
velo: pras
Teatro: tret
confronto: kras
rivale: rwis
bilancio: slen
allenatore: kron
umore: hnum
romanzo: rwas
la-vendetta: hbaf
geloso: ryut
ruota: hlok
bruciato: glat
flash: flac
creare: hkec
conflitto: hnot
maledizione: hlos
imprecatorio-umore: pram
indifeso: hces
positivo: hzit
club: klup
inondazione: nras
grano: gwan
indifferenza: hdun
orizzonte: crim
presunto-umore: hsom
ripido: htop
armonia: mron
tuono: hgot
infanzia: htok
ginocchio: hgun
software: pwen
ferita: kram
ricevuta: ryis
permettere: nlim
protasi: hpoc
scivolare: slok
rivoluzione: hrif
contadino: hjim
corsa: trak
piattaforma: hpof
messaggero: hmes
privilegio: hpek
organizzato: hyot
studente: clen
grotta: hgec
tradizione: rwat
tragedia: tses
addio: hjap
critica: ryik
cotone: krap
ospedale: slot
affitto: kris
gas: hges
inevitabile: pwic
mortale: hgim
foglia: glit
pubblicazione: plun
ostile: tsup
la-traduzione: dwan
cerimonia-funebre: jran
Farina: mrun
corrispondenza: ryon
romantico: hrom
capanna: clun
proporre: psot
mimetico: hmet
dollaro: dlon
luce-del-giorno: hjac
sedici: hsos
montaggio: hzac
colonia: klon
ala: gyin
leone: hles
cultura: klut
colonna: hkom
abile: glak
dramma: dram
scherzo: hjuc
nebbia: hdus
medicina: dwas
quattordici: hkes
acido: sram
cioè: hyet
reddito: hmok
vescovo: hbip
arancia: tron
bagno: byan
primitivo: rwit
cestino: ksek
la-segretaria: sris
cannuccia: prak
impaziente: pfif
salvezza: slon
hodiernal-teso: dlin
avere-intenzione: zrin
vapore: tcip
veleno: hwoc
talento: tlon
clima: lwim
efficace: fric
distinguere: tcif
lavaggio: dwac
confessione: kfis
sciocchezza: hjas
carbone: kyon
canoa: kwon
temporaneo: tric
delimitative-aspetto: hdip
osso: hcos
Lunedi: nwic
martedì: glac
mercoledì: bwac
federale: frin
auspicabile: hzic
rappresentante: ryic
biancheria: lwin
lavello: swuk
nipote: bwin
sanguinoso: kric
assedio: cren
stomaco: hpem
ottone: pcon
vertice: hzik
quinto: pfik
a-buon-mercato: brat
esclusivo-persona: kwen
sequestrare: zrat
recinto: hzas
statua: tfam
artiglieria: tlep
abbraccio: mrap
circostante: sren
rigorosamente: srot
cervo: hluf
boscaglia: hbuc
ferrovia: hrep
scarico: hduk
erede: mris
quercia: blun
antipatico: pren
invenzione: hgic
pianoforte: pyon
persuadere: swen
invisibile: gric
notorio: ryun
crudeltà: kluk
tentazione: hyoc
Telic-aspetto: hlep
economico: kfik
internazionale: troc
interferire: tcek
filosofo: flif
elegante: gyit
benessere: kyen
la-pesca: mlak
rubare: truc
labbro: hloc
andare-in-pensione: ryac
tratto: sras
galleria: glen
parallelo: zlan
atelic-aspetto: htep
continente: trap
proibitivo-umore: nrim
cravatta: dwat
cella: slep
uovo: dyan
artificiale: jrat
nel-frattempo: nwis
crisi: ksot
gentile: sloc
il-pranzo: lyon
pino: pwon
spingere: hcef
alleanza: lyen
vita: hkop
miracolo: hmek
marinaio: slis
purezza: prut
repubblica: hguk
telefono: tfen
frusta: krip
camicia: cyim
introdurre: ryas
divano: hsof
spazzata: hsup
ladro: ksif
conservare: nrec
canale: kcen
personalità: klim
riforma: kfam
minaccioso: hzim
palma: plim
altoparlante: hzak
soglia: dwic
indurre: pris
lancia: bzak
pulito: syec
sessione: cwen
tortura: crot
umido: tcum
cresta: grit
viaggiatore: hyek
mulino: mwik
carta-geografica: jrac
collare: klok
sostituire: klif
deliberatamente: drat
birra: hbif
velluto: hwem
gravità: gwit
sermone: hpum
abuso: glas
gregge: hgen
tredici: tres
giustificare: jyit
Venerdì: crum
pennello: broc
Scaricare: dlas
crema: krem
scogliera: klaf
giuria: jrin
mostro: ksos
congelato: hgoc
pentola: pfot
penny: psen
insistere: srut
mela: hpep
discutere: drak
sfondo: prun
trascrivere: trim
periodico: prik
divertimento: nren
virus: bris
infantile: blit
riflettere: flit
convertire: kcet
contorno: kluc
opera: hpop
approvazione: nron
tradire: rwak
punire: hzen
gomito: kcon
attaccamento: tcet
riparazione: hrop
sospetto: cyec
settanta: swet
Sacre-scritture: srip
fossa: grac
disturbo: dlak
binario: byin
abbazia: bjan
freccia: tcec
tendere: trec
elaborare: frat
lealtà: hlot
coniare: syip
tremare: tcem
esilio: gwin
meccanico: myim
trappola: crap
torta: kyek
signore: cyes
esitare: sret
diciassette: syet
miele: myon
palo: dzat
battistrada: hjam
mattone: brit
ottanta: hpes
purtroppo: pcen
consultare: kcot
leggenda: lwen
raccolto: hfos
promozione: pfon
stufa: hsop
ribelle: bric
antiquato: hnom
rigonfiamento: cron
palude: swot
condimento: hdes
ascetico: pces
gestore: mren
coro: cros
razionale: tson
lavorazione: pson
lupo: blaf
tappeto: hgap
antichità: hjak
fertile: frut
fischio: slif
formaggio: twis
morso: byat
invitare: jwan
Cattedrale: kyet
porto: brak
vagare: djan
colture: tsos
Marina-Militare: nlen
maschera: mrok
matita: pses
vegetale: sroc
mostra: hzet
i-pantaloni: tlun
corruzione: hrup
gabinetto: nram
la-minestra: srup
chirurgo: syon
assegno: tcot
spiare: gyas
spericolato: hlec
pettegolezzo: gyic
gettone: hzon
astratto: srok
giovedi: cwim
traffico: ryaf
architettura: ryek
crepa: rwaf
ornamento: rwon
inverso: lwas
divertire: mwun
recupero: ksus
marciapiede: plut
decisivo: dyin
negativo: nraf
festival: hfec
ridurre: hrum
tradimento: zyan
cacciatore: djin
serpente: syen
batteria: bret
cera: flam
investigatore: dlit
analisi: nlis
enfasi: hzot
nuotare: twen
busta-da-lettere: lwaf
chi: hgek
sigaretta: jrit
motore: mrot
volontario: hwot
reazione: ryif
Bagaglio: blam
sordo: hboc
succo: hjus
umiltà: jlit
ministero: mret
sessuale: hjon
diametro: dyam
ascia: blac
diamante: dlam
alternato: hlek
eco: hgus
moderazione: swon
identità: hdaf
schermo: krun
pigro: lwis
momentane-aspetto: hmop
compatto: kfot
deriva: hdif
scomparire: hgaf
raggio: ryen
inchiostro: mwic
massiccio: mraf
cantina: dyac
memorabile: nrun
bagliore: klek
senato: slet
bara: tfap
perdono: frac
rondine: nlun
indulgere: nlot
swing: swun
prato: gram
complesso: klos
dimissioni: hzis
umile-registro: nret
cospirazione: swim
Pepe: prip
pony: pron
candidato: hzam
volpe: flik
camino: tcon
Giurisdizione: drik
agricoltura: rwic
precisione: tcuk
ex-deceduto: brim
democratico: mrek
germoglio: hbos
coperta: bwat
grandinare: hgep
maiale: srus
a-forma-di: krek
avorio: craf
classico: ksok
osservatore: nwet
elefante: lwit
chiodi: nwus
ape: hmif
seppellire: dzan
attore: bzat
sudore: zwan
polacco: ploc
illusione: hlus
incertezza: pcet
secondario: syif
piega: tsot
rurale: grun
gemito: nyen
somigliare: slec
citazione: hzun
sacco: cyek
fastidio: fren
ago: hjun
controllata: nroc
pollo: truk
coerente: kwot
barile: bras
abituale-aspetto: hcep
esperto: ksec
impressionare: blin
oliva: zlin
furgone: myen
ostacolo: bwak
cenno: kcec
adottivo: plaf
definizione: fyic
compleanno: gjin
martello: hcof
fragrante: hfon
ripetizione: trun
banale: twut
calcio: hjik
scavare: kwaf
animale-domestico: plot
cranio: hcop
legislatura: dlik
tallone: cruk
cipiglio: crun
brevetto: plet
miliardo: blim
chimico: fyik
pilota: pyot
imitare: mlot
gonna: kwet
insolitamente: srap
settimanale: jwik
tecnico: tfip
vegetazione: tset
corvo: kraf
Alba: sruc
tutta-la-vita: glin
contribuire: hyom
gancio: hdok
tigre: blic
penetrare: crut
manicotto: slun
autostrada: jras
milizia: mlip
fosso: kroc
integrità: kret
diciannove: dzin
biologico: rwik
teologia: flic
galleggiante: flut
strega: byac
annoiato: hwuk
diplomatico: dyik
studio: twos
superare: kcok
Champagne: cyen
ispirare: crif
bandiera: hbes
divorzio: lwon
bullone: hbut
vena: jyan
passivo: psif
schiuma: hgum
ghiaia: grik
grembiule: tyen
pianeta: gren
lo-scaffale: claf
fan: flon
tropicale: hjip
fase: fwas
arbitrario: rwen
pronunciare: kfun
mercurio: krok
strisciamento: hrem
suicidio: tcos
reporter: prot
privare: hpok
qualificato: klun
balcone: blik
forchetta: fras
dipendente: mlek
datore-di-lavoro: myot
larghezza: jrak
irritata: djit
accusare: klot
pensione: pyen
verbo: kres
scimmia: mwon
accettabile: hwek
firma: tlim
ortodosso: rwos
ironia: fron
asilo-nido: nrap
riluttanza: jlan
importare: tyot
torcia: croc
grammatica: gjak
depositare: gyat
coloniale: plon
yacht: jyat
consequenziale: kwec
cupola: kwun
spessore: hfot
testardo: cyon
muscolo: hmup
grandezza: ryam
strofinare: ryos
vile: rwam
imbracatura: gwac
brindare: tros
topo: myus
sillaba: slim
picchiettare: prap
dialogo: dlaf
neutro: nrot
diligenza: dwin
contraddizione: trot
raggiungere: kfic
capra: byak
fiorire: hfet
imporre: mlon
anonimo: nwim
formale-registro: frit
vitello: hbof
manuale: mwut
fusione: hjec
cancellare: flas
ombrello: gras
avvio: bzut
minerale: mrim
tregua: crus
anatra: hbok
pianificazione: pfam
sapone: hsuf
Bambola: gwak
scheletro: klet
villa: blis
cucito: jlin
conciliare: dyak
bollitore: kset
maturo: mruc
coniglio: kruc
conduttore: nwot
dipendenza: djat
giocatore: jlic
insetto: pset
ristorante: cret
gufo: lwun
radicale: djik
residente: zwin
drago: dron
uditorio-probatorio: drot
assetato: kyos
indugiare: dren
calcolo: glun
regolamento: ryim
Sindaco: mlap
minoranza: mric
acquisizione: dwon
veterano: bren
orchestra: ryes
Bacon: bjin
svantaggio: zwat
tessuto: frap
musicista: gzik
mentalmente: hnep
congiunzione: nyon
insufficiente: nrip
architetto: tsek
limone: nyim
tosse: kcos
mal-di-testa: crek
inquilino: ryet
fertilità: srun
guarire: hfoc
novanta: nwon
casuale: hbec
cucchiaio: kcek
palloncino: blon
gesso: hfip
induttivo-probatorio: nlet
editore: pcot
aceto: sruk
cenere: fyec
espletivo: slek
ravvivare: nrut
suscettibile: kfim
tunnel: tfun
puzzle: hpef
meccanismo: mwim
matematica: gzit
dissolvenza: frun
fegato: jwin
Sublative-caso: bwik
tuffo: dris
unità: twim
monopolio: hnop
gioco: hgup
sottomarino: bzin
terremoto: hbem
laboratorio: brot
sughero: kruk
se-stesso-controllo: syot
Budda: hbus
maglia: bjat
ambasciata: blas
il-più-lontano: sres
dichiarativa-umore: drim
stimolo: tyuc
cioccolato: clot
coincidenza: tyon
guanto: gwat
inginocchiarsi: hjek
geografia: hjif
investimento: nwes
verbale: mrec
analogia: nlip
secolare: srek
falco: blap
psicologia: nloc
allacciare: gjan
rottame: krep
ruolo: cyum
dose: hdos
salmone: slom
budino: pwun
magnetico: gyik
pompa: pcom
ossigeno: ksip
certificato: tfot
medaglia: hmem
retorica: trok
raschiare: rwap
remo: dyas
telescopio: trip
collana: clek
ortografia: prif
whisky: hwos
salice: hwof
cammello: hlum
dilettante: myet
Uscita: crec
biografia: brif
asino: gzac
mensile: mwis
ignorare: nruk
vacanza: byit
clic: lyik
ovale: twon
elastico: lyet
dizionario: kfon
prosciutto: gzam
arcobaleno: rwun
consumare: kcum
sputare: tcup
carro-armato: trek
collega: clok
farfalla: trif
grafico: graf
gemello: jwat
in-autonomia: trem
bambù: hbum
commerciante: jlat
accumulazione: kles
ispettore: nyet
boccone: hyos
incubo: hbom
la-marmellata: gjam
Museo: mrem
alfabeto: lwam
spargimento: zras
incursione: crip
rilevare: clus
marcire: fraf
aggressivo: gris
attrito: mroc
molo: gyac
ragno: brik
patata: trut
revisione: cwon
avidità: jlac
precoce: ryot
moltiplicare: gzan
rotazione: pcip
statistica: tsok
calendario: klem
nomina: nwen
trilione: tlos
Attico: tlok
affermativa-umore: rwim
applicazioni: pfen
nominale: nlon
insoddisfazione: sraf
infezione: hfok
brocca: krot
alzata-di-spalle: cyok
pioniere: gzin
omissione: nlif
cavolo: glic
atletico: tlet
ubriachezza: mrut
idiophone: hdof
leva: lwek
senatore: syem
iris: nrif
formica: mwam
insetto: hbop
incinta: grim
precipitato: hjet
caviglia: tcok
classificazione: glik
variabile: prim
avvolgere: ryap
Riccio: krec
zolfo: hsef
dettare: dwik
emergere: brun
rana: fram
eccessivo-caso: twek
spugna: hjen
fastidioso: djon
scoiattolo: slip
macinare: zyin
irrealis-umore: flim
vulcano: glam
in-casa: gron
exploit: kloc
geologica: jlik
passaporto: psop
immorale: mlet
biscotto: hbuk
cooperazione: kros
tavoletta: tlot
relax: kces
atomo: trom
AIDS: hzip
piramide: psim
ciclo: swok
pisolino: hnup
illegale: hjaf
zampa: pfap
timidezza: crom
eclissi: klip
liuto: lwap
scopa: srum
pannello: mwen
astronomia: tcom
labirinto: blen
borsa-di-studio: bwit
tartaruga: kfuc
consigliere: dwak
fibra: fwic
cricket: jrik
piccione: ksom
adattamento: dyon
triangolo: tfon
tesoriere: tsen
idrogeno: jron
fragile: hfuk
stampante: pyet
soffocare: tcof
cronico: gzon
far-fronte: slaf
dilemma: dlim
ingegneria: jyin
macchina-fotografica: hkef
scusarsi: pluc
leccare: lwet
ballerino: dret
migrazione: mres
tennis: tces
colonna-vertebrale: clip
friggere: zrac
telaio: tfuc
pugnalata: twuc
parola-d'ordine: psaf
emisfero: praf
strategia: zrit
quarzo: krus
forbici: jris
pattuglia: proc
ghiacciaio: lwic
a-metà-strada: dwam
memorandum: mwap
cono: kwuc
simmetria: hzut
fabbricante: zrak
imputato: fwik
moschea: djis
scacchi: cres
Pedaggio: htof
ciliegia: tref
molto-diffuso: kfen
inciampare: tfok
camion: ryok
senape: mros
per-cento: pfet
vendita-all'asta: jlam
setaccio: srif
instabile: swoc
magnete: gjat
succhiare: syus
Islam: slum
punta-di-piedi: twip
membrana: mlen
farsi-la-barba: clet
chitarra: gjit
lucente: bzan
olmo: hyem
librarsi: kcom
pronome-marcatore: ryec
di-base: pcus
Spezia: zlat
cauzione: jlas
vettore: zyac
vibrazione: bron
stuzzicare: trus
aratro: hlom
fisiologico: zlik
grondaia: hgok
cometa: cyet
medievale: dyic
passero: grec
compensare: twet
plastica: psuk
nota: cyot
orbita: rwot
frugale: twum
golf: hgof
zero: zrun
patata-fritta: tcep
opprimere: prok
sbadiglio: gjac
disuguaglianza: gwas
talpa: tloc
ceramica: frik
casalinga: hgif
segale: rwem
disobbedire: hyes
tollerante: glon
embrione: brec
minatore: jren
applaudire: zlac
lievito: lyim
premio: pfim
prugna: plem
fallimento: byas
irrigazione: rwif
menta: nyun
capitalista: glis
elasticità: hlef
squalo: gyak
reclutare: drut
Conservazione: zren
realismo: cles
zenzero: djic
ambulanza: blus
paragonabile: kwip
portafoglio: bjap
smorfia: glim
scienziato: gyis
intestino: grot
equanimità: hwum
Radio: href
non-pertinente: zlit
fagiolo: bwam
informale: frim
nipotina: gyut
disaccordo: dloc
bistecca: tfek
azoto: zron
rasoio: hjut
contrasto: krom
propaganda: pcoc
fuochi-d'artificio: fris
pop: pcop
spogliarsi: crop
solco: cruc
dannoso: hzaf
giudaismo: hjum
complemento: pluk
lente: lyes
pegative-caso: pwek
cancro: kfes
pegno: pyek
docente: zyat
perdita: hzuk
qualificarsi: krif
densità: djot
induzione: dyis
masticare: htuf
loquace: bzit
aragosta: hgos
sconto: dyut
Taxi: tsuk
gerarchia: crem
giada: gyec
ringhio: glaf
lucertola: lyis
cascata: crof
deludente: djak
veto: frot
presidenza: ryip
acquirente: mrif
gallone: jlen
zanzara: mruk
deviazione: dwen
lottare: lyut
mosaico: myok
spina: plok
tozzo: pcuk
drogheria: ksoc
comunista: myos
stupire: mwek
prosecutive-caso: rwuk
costellazione: nlos
dittatore: dwit
preoccupazione: tyet
satellitare: tlec
pantofola: hlop
consonante: fyon
approssimativo: tsif
disoccupato: byet
sostenitore: sros
loto: lwot
lattuga: sles
cloruro: lwok
batteri: bwic
appiccicoso: pcek
componente: bwon
nocciolo: klec
fingere: bjak
byte: bzet
secrezione: sruf
espressamente: pres
coincidere: mloc
balletto: blet
urina: mrus
aglio: lyun
trascorso: hguc
economia: kcem
classe-media: hdom
agile: gjic
tenaglie: htef
lavanderia: lyoc
fragola: srem
urbano: pcos
imbarazzare: mlaf
quaderno: tfut
album: zlam
baseball: hbep
annusare: sluc
buffet: hbuf
participio: rwip
box-auto: grek
diagnosi: djas
stampella: ksuc
estorcere: srom
registrazione: psuc
solubile: jlun
fosforo: psof
strutturale: rwut
colla: glum
tesi: twes
artigiano: clif
banana: bwas
assioma: kyom
costola: psos
nichel: nyek
pi: pyim
autobus: bwos
censurare: swes
missile: mlus
salsiccia: slos
manipolazione: nlut
pomodoro: tfet
rafforzare: kfut
presa-di-corrente: syok
potassio: tsom
richiamare: prup
virtuale: zwit
algebra: gjas
dentista: dzit
ottico: pcok
muoversi: bzen
biologia: bwim
disoccupazione: byim
bruco: krum
assolo: slof
del-browser: bjac
a-distanza-passato teso: nyot
storico-teso: crep
nucleare: nluk
spettro: pyem
sodio: syom
isterismo: syes
fiduciario: tyos
ostaggio: byik
zucca: gluk
grinza: kwuk
trasparenza: tfif
spuntone: swip
priorità: pcif
pedonale: dyen
ateismo: tsem
tenere-sotto-controllo: mwot
collegio-elettorale: nlec
sfrenato: hkof
sonda: grok
platino: plip
doppio-numero: dlun
polmone: pcep
super: syup
carrello: trop
localmente: lyot
incitare: gzat
benzina: plif
rene: grif
bottino: bzac
valutazione: dlen
arsenico: syek
lumaca: nrok
cavalletta: tsec
equazione: fwen
socialista: swos
filtro: flot
sensoriale-probatorio-umore: hxin
allargare: kyot
emettere: mwet
guinzaglio: pwet
mandarino: drun
fantino: hjok
polmonite: hnof
solidarietà: gret
cerniera: cyif
longitudinale: nruc
dividendo: dwun
pattinare: hkep
esponente: slop
invalidità: dlif
ossessione: bwen
assegnazione: pfun
fotografo: trof
delta: dlet
digitale: djim
cagna: brut
palpebra: hyop
diagonale: dyun
subconscio: byon
sopracciglio: bruc
starnuto: pcec
ilare: dlis
induismo: nwum
profugo: nyif
navetta: cwot
proteina: pwot
cumulo-di-rifiuti: hdop
raffinare: flen
vomito: hwom
gene: gyen
matricola: hdem
sociologia: syoc
schiacciare: kwoc
pescatore: hfuc
regionale: jyen
movimento-salita: hvok
retrospettiva: hxik
tornado: gyon
inversione: nwos
tv: twif
cubo: kfet
produttività: pwuk
carota: krop
molecolare: mwuk
conglomerato: glet
contabile: ksum
cetriolo: kyok
orgia: drok
solvente: jlet
fosfato: psef
Primer: gwik
alcalino: flis
ginnastica: jyas
virgola: kwom
movimento-discesa: hvat
aborto-spontaneo: jwac
baccello: tcop
donatore: dzon
manganese: hzem
psicologo: syos
cloro: clos
tastiera: kyoc
elite: zyit
parentesi: pfaf
rugby: rwoc
ulcera: jlon
flesse: hxit
sgranocchiare: nres
quantistico: fwam
maglione: swek
evolutiva: fwis
notazione: nyoc
rimbalzo: tcuf
dissezione: drec
nascondiglio: kcep
lineare: lyec
antimonio: trum
superessive-caso: psek
tumore: twom
erosione: cyos
alfa: flaf
ombelico: nwip
immune: myip
influenza: flun
fabbrica-di-birra: bjit
semplificare: slef
abbreviare: bram
ammaccatura: djen
affascinare: dwim
costringere: brok
calzino: bzas
film: fyim
cosmo: klom
inquinare: hpuf
gregario: gjen
pene: zyis
silvicoltura: lyif
alluminio: lwum
oscillazione: zlon
oroscopo: ksop
espellere: dlek
inclusione: nluc
beneficiario: byic
delfino: dlip
killer: cyus
mammifero: myaf
indicatore: swif
biossido: dwis
colon: zlen
burocrazia: brus
distorcere: jric
frigorifero: frip
archeologico: cluk
inaccettabile: kwok
specificazione: pfis
opuscolo: pfut
antropologia: nlom
gustoso: kyec
transitivo: txit
accasciarsi: kwus
girasole: hzuc
pidocchio: glus
ione: lyos
turismo: tyum
modem: myom
accelerazione: jrun
falsificare: tsoc
emissione: hmef
rapire: drap
sovrapposizione: hwep
parrucchiere: pfes
folclore: floc
capillare: plek
nazionalismo: nlum
natiche: nros
motivo: hmuf
sublimare: slem
frustrazione: xras
cobalto: kwos
avena: gwam
movimento-a-monte: trup
ano: gyam
bovino: bwun
capovolgere: flip
ridondanza: dzun
video: hwop
boicottare: bjik
quiz: cwif
hockey: cwok
guerriglia: grip
magnesio: hgem
radar: drek
scimpanzé: hzif
affidabilità: kwif
rettangolo: tyec
fuco: klep
generalizzare: jlak
coprifuoco: kfec
omosessuale: mlok
scenario: srop
formulazione: flus
reincarnazione: nrom
infiammare: zlak
uranio: ryum
Catcher: kwes
coordinata: kyop
contribuente: nwaf
integrato: trep
opinato: hzap
gamma: hxam
safari: fwim
movimento-a-valle: ht6n
coefficiente: kfus
titolo: zlic
analista: nles
scacco-matto: hzes
centro-commerciale: hmof
bismuto: bzim
cartolina: psok
convergenza: bros
divagare: djet
azionista: ksem
microbo: mrip
genitale: jwit
morfologico: mluk
beta: byot
jeans: gjis
Banca-dati: tles
calcolatrice: klus
raggi-X: ksef
parse: zram
ambientale: zyen
sigma: zyim
disgiunzione: hxon
ordine-del-giorno: gres
Visa: bzis
infrastruttura: nyuk
lucciola: gyun
rivelatore: tyek
adattabile: dyip
biologo: byis
giuntura: pyec
bromo: brom
palladio: plum
singhiozzo: kfok
pastello: psec
zoo: zwac
clinica: lyok
connotazione: nwoc
yoga: hjoc
libreria: byun
terapia: grap
nazionalista: zlis
decapitare: zlet
sì: swec
problematico: byam
jazz: dzas
tungsteno: tsof
terrorista: gwis
dribblare: droc
metabolismo: tlem
alimenti: lyaf
fine-settimana: hfom
crisantemo: gzim
vaccino: byap
motociclo: tyok
Mantra: dyot
semestre: myes
eroina: gwon
cartella: flap
catodico: kfoc
ideologia: dlec
parcheggio: prek
theta: fret
anticlimax: hxis
selenio: clem
Ciclismo: blek
corteccia: pros
equivalenza: swaf
corrente-rilevanza-marcatore: hxak
aeroporto: cwoc
amputare: gyet
pallacanestro: bwet
impostore: mwip
scarafaggio: tlek
cromo: hgom
litro: hl6t
ciò-nonostante: nwec
ormone: cwom
imperfetto: tluc
perforare: prec
animismo: nyom
poligono: cloc
femminista: hfes
coniugare: kcop
euro: dros
ginseng: hjes
algoritmo: hlof
laser: lwes
farmacia: dlot
millimetro: mlem
flettere: flek
anodo: nlok
sfumatura: hzus
mezza-giornata: prem
sensibilità: nyec
dimostratore: drom
elio: clum
bilingue: dzic
acronimo: hqim
sigla: nl6m
gerundio: gros
plasma: psem
cromosoma: rwom
ordinale: rwok
chilometro: klum
fax: tfes
genetica: nwek
lentiggine: frek
cacciavite: dres
broccoli: blok
preterito: xrit
vitamina: tyem
cadmio: kyem
bombardiere: bwoc
grafico: gjik
titanio: dyim
sfoggiare: clec
lambda: lwem
fidanzata: pcem
accoppiarsi: kyuk
clessidra: tlus
empatia: mlif
boro: bres
elicottero: cwet
tellurio: tlum
scadenza: jyic
allineare: gwic
centimetro: hfem
molibdeno: mlom
litio: tfim
multimedia: myum
aggiornare: dyet
caloria: clom
robot: ryoc
compiti-a-casa: groc
logaritmo: grom
mantide: gzas
installare: nwut
amino: myoc
glifo: glif
aoristo: pyos
ecologia: plec
sofisticare: flok
marijuana: bjam
micro: mrom
chilogrammo: lwom
mangiare-troppo: jrot
prevedibile: dzik
pizza: zyas
origliare: zris
linguistica: bwis
taglio-di-capelli: braf
iridio: ryom
razzismo: gwim
ottimale: gyim
industrializzazione: drif
sede-centrale: krup
cerio: zrim
congruenti: nrum
partitivo-caso: pxik
cassetta: ksep
forza-di-volontà: blot
dimensionale: dzen
parametro: rwet
sincronizzare: nrop
massimizzare: dzim
seminario: mwec
discoteca: dyok
neon: nyok
osmio: hzom
Epifania: hp6n
plagiare: lyap
artefatto: rwek
reattore: fyet
origano: ryop
plutonio: pwum
ittrio: tyom
accrescitivo: hxat
nome-utente: mrum
postlaurea: zrot
ala-destra: dwaf
argo: jros
fobia: hxot
socializzare: sluk
globalizzazione: bluc
lunghezza-d'onda: hnef
codificare: kfom
riciclare: psoc
ricomincia: nrek
epatite: pyes
toro: fros
chemioterapia: myep
modulo: mwok
protone: zwot
dischetto: dwet
milligrammo: mlum
pixel: psep
tantalio: twem
soluto: hjot
genocidio: nyos
predatore: rwes
gallio: glem
zirconio: hzum
determinante: txin
non-lineare: nlem
pesticida: pyif
berillio: brem
neurone: nrus
predicativo: pxit
mutande: tlif
fattoriale: kref
neutrone: zrut
niobio: nwom
germanio: hjem
simile-a-metallo: tlop
mettere-sopra: dlap
prolative-caso: hl6k
biodiversità: jwic
joystick: jyok
antibiotico: twok
attinio: gjim
astronauta: srof
extraterrestre: tyes
picchiatello: hwup
maratona: mrof
itterbio: zwim
autismo: tyif
ionizzare: nlof
radon: cwos
Nerium: nrem
epidemiologia: pwip
vecchiaia: lyuc
campeggio: kyep
strisce: drip
indio: nyum
veridico: hvik
sito-web: bwes
Corano: kwek
posate: fwet
nth--root: tfec
lawrencium: lyem
diritti-civili: glip
cellulare: mlof
paralizzato: twoc
protactinio: prum
radiazione: hd6n
dipendere-sopra: pxin
torio-atomo: hxim
blu-jeans: bjun
pianta-della-casa: hxas
individualmente: dvit
flusso-di-corrente: lwuk
triple---point: ht6t
corpo-umano: hn6n
fisica: bzik
Al-dettaglio-negozio: hxan
cesio: hs6m
lungo-fa: hqan
foglio-elettronico: hxet
di-unità-di massa: hn6m
compilare: ml6n
binary--valore: vrim
umano-essere: nyus
di-si-intende di: hvan
depan-dari: pxat
praseodimio: pyom
cartone: kxat
finito-verbo: hqik
prova-numero: hr6n
professionista-condanna: hr6t
critico: hk6k
imballaggio: pxas
impermanenza: pxan
a-maggior-parte: txas
descrittore: drop
neodimio: nyem
amicizia: hvit
leggi-solo: xyak
fonda: xwan
gnomic-umore: kxin
fonema: hxom
razionalità: xlit
fonologica: xlin
pranzo-camera: hxac
vita-camera: hxic
centrico-caso: zrik
pre-hodiernal: hx6n
paziente-caso: hqak
obliquo-caso: bwok
rurale-la-zona: hqat
recurse: hr6s
in-mezzo-voce: dyos
meitnerio: hm6m
postino: hvak
senza-impegno: kxit
azione-mercato: xrak
identificabile: hxap
goal-grilletto: krof
un-secondo: hxen
lative-caso: dvak
razione: hr6c
non-umano: hg6n
vita-cosa: hvic
pure-piccolo: hxut
cinema: hvin
hassium: xyim
attenuante: ty6t
multal-numero: ml6m
latteo-modo: txam
nettunio: nwem
ghostwriter: txik
trans-numerale: ts6s
ingannare--around: hqun
americio: myem
mattina-gloria: txan
pompiere: xran
berkelium: blem
galassia-Genere: kxan
Nobelium: blum
Ciao-ciao: hvac
buddismo: hfum
fermium: frem
ciano: xyan
soia: syof
distributore: qrit
crumiro: txak
processore: ples
abessive-caso: bvak
adessive-caso: dvik
a-caso: kxak
agentive-caso: dvek
rutherfordium: hr6m
anticorpo: txip
come-tanto-come: hjos
agente-grilletto: hg6t
attore-ruolo: xram
etidio: txim
Comune-Genere: hk6n
accompagnatore: kl6n
cartamo: kxam
francium: fyam
erbio: ry6m
passivo-voce: xyis
astato: hqit
masticazione-gomma: hqam
stella-Genere: hqin
citazione-modulo: ht6m
curio: jrim
fumetto: kxis
daltonico: hqon
euler's--number: hl6m
Guarda-a: kxas
attraversamento-pedonale: pwok
campo-di-battaglia: txat
automobilista: vrit
corto-circuito: txok
verbale-sostantivo: hvis
piangere-su: hk6t
statisticamente: xyit
yogurt: txot
xeno: hs6n
ipnotizzare: hxif
prendere-via: hxaf
Clausola---coda: hxok
diretto-oggetto: dwot
drogheria-negozio: kxun
consistere-di: hm6t
ergative-caso: gvik
in-lingua: txic
di-prima-mano: pxam
locative-caso: hqok
piscina: slup
avverbiale-caso: vlak
giro-turistico: hqas
televisione-impostato: ht6s
finale-particella: xlik
evitative-caso: hvek
reinserimento: xlat
regressione: xris
bloccare-di-appartamenti: kxot
svegliare-su: hxup
polizia-ufficiale: ps6s
giuro--in: vran
intervistatore: qrat
renio: ryem
aerosol: xres
possessivo-caso: kxik
nominalizzazione: mlec
posseduto-caso: dzak
sovraccarico: pxak
ausiliario-verbo: xyik
primario-oggetto: mlut
virus-informatico: prus
uomo-d'affari: hqis
un-persone: hqen
antessive-caso: ts6k
primo-ministro: pxis
lutezio: lyum
europio: rwum
emote: xrot
musica-popolare: zyik
poeta: vwit
ufficio-postale: pxot
presumibilmente: hvas
animare-Genere: hven
subessive-caso: bvik
pedale-dell'acceleratore: glep
polarità: pr6t
veicolo-Genere: vlin
minerale-Genere: xrin
verbo---suffisso: hvif
appassionato: pc6n
samario: sr6m
facilitatore: hs6t
immaginario-unità: xyin
velocità-della-luce: kxac
air--force: hxes
empatico-gioia: pfec
punto-critico: qyit
tempo-pieno: hxem
afnio: xyam
inibizione: hn6s
cambiamento-di-evento: qrin
olmio: xlim
diverso-evento: hf6t
universo-Genere: hvip
località-Genere: kxen
virtuale-macchina: hvim
ricerca-Genere: txen
artistico-Genere: ts6n
crastinal-teso: sl6t
astratto-Genere: srep
esocentrica-caso: zrek
transitivo-verbo: txif
morfema: tfom
sciovinista: dvis
passato-perfective: xrat
professionale: hy6n
indiretto-discorso: tyoc
secondo-linguaggio: draf
a-essere: txis
cimitero-spostamento: vrak
collettivo-sostantivo: hxos
absolutive-caso: bvuk
paziente-grilletto: tr6t
se-stesso-fiducia: hs6s
feci: hzos
riflessivo-voce: hf6s
impersonale-verbo: hxek
seaborgium: br6m
spazio-bianco: hxep
modale-caso: dlok
inanimato-Genere: hj6n
causativo: qran
propositivo-umore: psom
elettrico-corrente: tr6n
associativo-caso: nwok
superlativo-caso: tluk
pure-tanto: xyut
planetario-Genere: pxen
animato-cartone-animato: nwuk
reciproco-voce: vrik
legiferare: hqaf
a-meno: vlas
grammaticale--case: qrak
utente: pxut
nucleo-benefactive: kfef
portiere: hgop
:-except-for: kcef
denominatore: dvan
else-if: lyek
lateralmente: hx6s
l'un-l'altro: dles
successivo-clausola: lyuk
usura---out: hxun
corti: ht6k
disprosio: prom
presto-futuro-teso: rwec
SI-unità: vyin
krypton: kxon
mendelevio: dlem
applicativa-voce: hp6s
antipassive-voce: tsef
continuativo-aspetto: ht6p
radiazioni---malattia: hr6k
necessitative-umore: hn6t
singolo-azione-verbo: hqek
automotrice: xlak
superlativo-grado: tlup
esistenziale-clausola: hs6k
californio: kf6n
presente-participio: vrat
luminoso-intensità: hc6t
singulative-numero: slus
grammaticale---oggetto: hy6t
passivo-participio: vris
eccessivo-durata: kxic
supercritico-fluido: sr6t
quantità-di-sostanza: ks6t
postpositional-caso: pxok
elettivo-quantificatore: lwif
gadolinio: dl6n
epenthetic-morfema: hp6m
negatory-quantificatore: nwif
einsteinium: ny6n
artificiale-linguaggio: txac
connettivo-particella: qrik
a-distanza-futuro teso: twec
frequentative-aspetto: hfep
distributivo-pronome: bvin
allogamento-accordo: hk6m
calvo: blos
sobborgo: syum
universale-quantificatore: vlit
computer-programmazione: mr6m
televisione-programma: tr6m
virgola-mobile-- numero: hvun
esistenziale-quantificatore: tl6t
il-giorno-dopo domani: dwek
alternativa-quantificatore: lw6t
di-cattivo-umore: hdup
passato-passivo-participio: hp6t
il-giorno-prima ieri: txet
locative-direzionale-caso: tc6k
controfattuale-condizionale: ht6c
