bezokolicznik: ni
mianownikowy-sprawa: na
biernik-sprawa: ka
temat-sprawa: ta
Halo: ca
dopełniacz-sprawa: sa
przymiotnik: ci
i: wa
mnie: mi
ty: ya
nas: nlah
ono: yi
cel-sprawa: ti
celownik-sprawa: pa
wnętrze-kontekst: tu
osoba-kontekst: pi
zależny-klauzula: yu
perfektywny-aspekt: fa
przeszłość-czas: ki
rodzaj-męski-płeć: si
comitative-sprawa: mwih
obecny-czas: ma
benefactive-sprawa: pwah
essive-sprawa: swih
nie: nu
jego: tsih
powierzchnia-kontekst: su
adpositional-sprawa: pu
Lokalizacja-sprawa: te
przestrzeń-kontekst: no
droga-sprawa: ra
instrumentalny-sprawa: se
badawczy-humor: ri
i-lub: to
Ekskluzywny-albo: ku
źródło-sprawa: so
narzędnik-sprawa: lwah
wskazujący: di
ale: la
kobiecy-płeć: ne
liczba-mnoga-numer: lu
przyszłość-czas: we
społeczny-kontekst: mo
niedokonany-aspekt: me
tam: klah
warunkowy-humor: co
jeszcze: kcoh
krewny-sprawa: nwih
illative-sprawa: lwih
dyrektywa-humor: de
deontyczna-humor: da
pytanie-słowo: slah
spójka: ksah
osoba: psoh
inne: tcoh
numer: do
bardzo: tcah
czas: trah
czas-kontekst: ro
czasowy-sprawa: mrah
o: ke
epistemiczna-humor: pe
tylko: twuh
następnie: pcah
hortative-humor: twah
z-mocą-wsteczną aspekt: rwih
volitive-humor: li
przed: tceh
po: ba
przenośny-posiadanie: lyih
niezbywalny-posiadanie: nlih
obradujący-humor: drih
perlative-sprawa: pwih
progresywny-aspekt: psih
tutaj: tcih
pod-kontekst: ce
delative-sprawa: dwih
semelfactive-aspekt: mweh
neo: nyoh
skupiać: fo
miłość: pyah
paucal-numer: ploh
bo: yo
przyczynowy-sprawa: ksih
imię: gi
właściwy-rzeczownik: tsah
hortative: re
widoczny-dowodowy: crih
desiderative-humor: dwah
terminative-sprawa: twih
inessive-sprawa: nweh
tryb-rozkazujący-humor: prih
uwierzyć: kcah
stan-kontekst: ga
nadzieja: cwah
factive-dowodowy: fwih
życzący-humor: pcih
realis-humor: le
potencjał-humor: tlah
Allativus-sprawa: lweh
antropiczny-płeć: fi
Przedmiot: wo
takie-same-Przedmiot znacznik: cyah
inny-Przedmiot: fe
strach: ko
wątpić: cu
dubitative-humor: tweh
zainteresowanie: nyih
Vialis-sprawa: wi
dziwne: trih
zmiana: ryih
szczęśliwy: clah
oprócz: swah
pragnienie: kwah
długość: lo
prawdopodobieństwo: bi
umowa: grah
problem: mlah
quotative-sprawa: kwih
włącznie-osoba: lwoh
precative-humor: rwah
uprzejmy-zarejestrować: brih
spodziewany-aspekt: tfah
gnomiczny-aspekt: go
inchoative-aspekt: zi
jussive-humor: jwih
dozwalający-humor: mwah
właściwy: kcih
dystalnej-wskazujący: tseh
dystrybucyjny-sprawa: nwah
zdecydowany: treh
ból: droh
mądry: ja
zaborczy-znacznik: srah
commissive-humor: mu
niespodzianka: crah
dopełniający-aspekt: kweh
gniew: nrah
duma: brah
Przepraszam: pceh
odwaga: krah
łaska: nreh
ruch: mroh
niespokojny: cwih
zaprzestanie-aspekt: za
wzmacniacz: tfih
dowodowy-sprawa: ryah
smutny: syah
inaczej: tyah
zoic-płeć: zo
eventive-humor: nwoh
takie-same-zdarzenie znacznik: cwoh
mnożny-sprawa: plah
zaskoczony: prah
litość: lyah
masa: mlih
zadowolona: srih
cnota: be
spekulacyjny-humor: po
znajomy-zarejestrować: krih
ranny: frah
smutek: proh
co?: nyah
podziękować: kyah
wstyd: ru
wyrażenie-znacznik: fyah
wierny: cyih
podniecenie: tyeh
hesternal-czas: tleh
nienawidzić: tyih
racjonalny-płeć: tlih
skrajny: kreh
roślinny-płeć: slih
ciekawość: kyih
przestraszony: kcuh
artykuł: myah
błogosławieństwo-humor: bwih
winny: dlih
nieświadomy: nrih
hojny: drah
inicjatywa-sprawa: twoh
opóźniony-tryb-rozkazujący: ji
Podawane-dowodowy: psah
winić: dlah
nieszczęście: kfah
pojedynczy-numer: gu
przebaczyć: pfah
cierpliwość: je
referencyjny: freh
samotny: kyoh
urok: croh
entuzjazm: tsuh
indukcyjny-humor: tcuh
rozprawiać-kontekst: ye
wołacz-sprawa: bo
pogarda: grih
napomnienie-humor: tyuh
ambicja: bwah
ciągły-aspekt: nyeh
bezpośredni-dowodowy: troh
lękliwy-humor: pcoh
zaszokować: cruh
niedawny-przeszłość-czas: clih
konkretny-artykuł: klih
zazdrosny: ryuh
imprecatory-humor: mrih
obojętność: du
zarozumiały-humor: syih
zranienie: kroh
Protasis: rwoh
wrogi: cyuh
mimetyczny: mreh
mianowicie: gwih
hodiernal-czas: dloh
delimitative-aspekt: dweh
Ekskluzywny-osoba: kwuh
TELIC-aspekt: tfeh
atelic-aspekt: tsoh
prohibicyjny-humor: jrih
torturować: nroh
lojalność: nloh
momentane-aspekt: myeh
przebaczenie: jrah
pokorny-zarejestrować: myih
były-zmarły: frih
zacytować: wu
kłopot: zrah
zwykły-aspekt: bu
wynikający: kseh
pracowitość: dyih
formalny-zarejestrować: sreh
słuchowy-dowodowy: creh
spójnik: ksoh
inferential-dowodowy: flih
dopełniający: sleh
sublative-sprawa: swoh
deklaracyjny-humor: ksuh
słowny: kceh
twierdzący-humor: fwah
niezadowolenie: dyah
idiofony: dyoh
nadmierny-sprawa: zwah
irrealis-humor: ze
nieśmiałość: cyoh
dostosowanie: pyih
zaimek-znacznik: ryeh
uciskać: zroh
spokój-umysłu: jyah
pegative-sprawa: pweh
prosecutive-sprawa: pwuh
zaabsorbowanie: byah
imiesłów: pfih
zdalny-przeszłość-czas: dzah
historyczny-czas: sroh
histeria: syeh
podwójny-numer: dluh
sensoryczny-dowodowy-humor: xi
ruch-pod-górkę: ryoh
z-mocą-wsteczną: txih
ruch-spadek: myoh
fleksyjny: blih
superessive-sprawa: psuh
przechodni: t6
udaremnienie: xrah
ruch-upriver: truh
ruch-downriver: txah
dysjunkcja: xo
rozczarowanie: tloh
obecny-Znaczenie,-związek z tematem znacznik: xa
akronim: qi
initialism: nl6h
rzeczownik-odsłowny: ge
Preterite: preh
aoryst: broh
cząstkowy-sprawa: pxih
Święto-Trzech-Króli: pf6h
augmentatywny: xe
fobia: xyoh
determinantem: txeh
predykatywny: plih
prolative-sprawa: pxah
veridical: vyih
Wartość-binarna: vrih
skończone-czasownik: vi
próba-numer: pc6h
zawodowiec-zdanie: r6
przyjaźń: va
gnomiczny-humor: kxih
centryczny-sprawa: dreh
pre-hodiernal: x6
cierpliwy-sprawa: qa
ukośny-sprawa: bwoh
środkowy-głos: tyoh
zidentyfikowania: xyah
cel-cyngiel: groh
lative-sprawa: dvah
nie-człowiek: n6
odfermentowujące: nyuh
multal-numer: mloh
trans-liczbowy: ts6h
galaktyka-płeć: gjah
do-widzenia: jwah
abessive-sprawa: bvah
adessive-sprawa: dvih
do-sprawa: kxah
agentive-sprawa: dveh
agent-cyngiel: greh
aktor-rola: nruh
wspólny-płeć: k6
accompanier: kloh
pasywny-głos: pyoh
gwiazda-płeć: qrah
cytat-formularz: xu
werbalny-rzeczownik: xlih
Klauzula-ogon: kluh
bezpośredni-obiekt: rweh
ergative-sprawa: gvih
w---języka: byih
miejscownik-sprawa: kwoh
przysłówkowy-sprawa: vlah
finał-cząstka: nluh
evitative-sprawa: ve
zaborczy-sprawa: kfih
nominalization: mleh
opętany-sprawa: djah
pomocniczy-czasownik: fyih
Podstawowa-obiekt: myuh
antessive-sprawa: nleh
animować-płeć: xrih
subessive-sprawa: bvih
pojazd-płeć: vlih
minerał-płeć: xwih
czasownik---przyrostek: kxeh
empatyczny-radość: pfeh
zmiana-z-zdarzenie: qrih
różne-zdarzenie: txoh
wszechświat-płeć: bjih
miejscowość-płeć: lyeh
Badania-płeć: txuh
artystyczny-płeć: s6
crastinal-czas: sl6h
abstrakcyjny-płeć: sruh
exocentric-sprawa: zrih
przechodni-czasownik: tfoh
przeszłość-perfektywny: tr6h
pośredni-przemówienie: dyeh
Sekunda-język: sr6h
kolektyw-rzeczownik: kxoh
absolutive-sprawa: bvuh
cierpliwy-cyngiel: pruh
samego-siebie-pewność siebie: swuh
zwrotny-głos: flah
bezosobowy-czasownik: pseh
modalny-sprawa: dleh
nieożywiony-płeć: djih
przyczynowy: kruh
propositive-humor: pxoh
elektryczny-aktualny: breh
asocjacyjny-sprawa: sloh
superlatyw-sprawa: sluh
planetarny-płeć: pxeh
odwrotność-głos: syoh
rdzeń-benefactive: kfeh
else--if: kyeh
kolejny-klauzula: lyoh
wkrótce-przyszłość-czas: rwuh
aplikacyjnych-głos: pyuh
antipassive-głos: ps6h
continuative-aspekt: tfuh
necessitative-humor: nr6h
pojedynczy-czynność-czasownik: qyah
superlatyw-stopień: tluh
egzystencjalny-klauzula: sy6h
obecny-imiesłów: vrah
świetlny-intensywność: kyuh
singulative-numer: glih
pasywny-imiesłów: pfoh
nadmierny-trwanie: kxuh
ilość-z-substancja: m6
postpositional-sprawa: pwoh
obieralny-kwantyfikator: vwih
epentetyczny-morfem: p6
przeczący-kwantyfikator: gwah
łączący-cząstka: qyih
zdalny-przyszłość-czas: tl6h
częstotliwy-aspekt: f6
dystrybucyjny-zaimek: bzih
przemówienie-umowa: ks6h
uniwersalny-kwantyfikator: xlah
zmiennoprzecinkową-numer: fu
egzystencjalny-kwantyfikator: sweh
alternatywny-kwantyfikator: l6
przeszłość-pasywny-imiesłów: xyih
miejscownik-kierunkowy-sprawa: kfoh
alternatywę-warunkowy: fyoh
