infinitivo: hnit
nominativo-caso: hnak
acusativo-caso: hkak
tema-caso: htak
principal: hmat
pai: hpap
mamãe: hmam
Olá: hnat
antepassado: htat
avó: hyat
faminto: hcac
genitivo-caso: hnik
adjetivo: hcit
e: hwan
a-mim: hmic
vocês: hnan
nos: hnam
isto: hyic
destino-caso: htas
dativo-caso: htik
interior-contexto: htis
pessoa-contexto: hpak
dependente-cláusula: htan
perfectivo-aspecto: htap
passado-tenso: hkat
masculino-gênero: hsan
comitative-caso: hmik
presente-tenso: hyan
benefactivo-caso: hpik
essive-caso: swik
não: hnic
As-suas: hsis
superfície-contexto: hsak
adpositional-caso: hpan
localização-caso: hwak
espaço-contexto: hnos
caminho-caso: hrak
instrumental-caso: hsik
qual: hkan
interrogativo-humor: hnim
e-ou: htam
exclusivo-ou: hkit
fonte-caso: hsok
ablativo-caso: hlak
demonstrativo: hdit
mas: hlan
todos: hsut
feminino-gênero: hnin
elas: hwin
plural-número: hlun
um: hyik
futuro-tenso: hwet
social-contexto: hson
quando: hkap
imperfeito-aspecto: hmap
há: hkac
condicional-humor: hcan
Mais: hdoc
Fora: htac
relativo-caso: hrik
ilativo-caso: hlik
Faz: hkas
directiva-humor: hden
deontic-humor: hdim
questão-palavra: hwac
cópula: hkok
pessoa: hpon
macho: hman
poderia: kwat
de-outros: hcon
número: hnoc
muito: tcac
Tempo: htim
Tempo-contexto: htos
temporal-caso: hmak
cerca-de: hkam
epistêmica-humor: hsim
só: htun
pequena: hcak
então: pcan
exortativo-humor: hton
retrospectivo-aspecto: hrip
ótimo: hcat
volitivo-humor: hlim
antes: hsec
devo: pcic
dois: htut
Vejo: tcan
conhecer: hsat
baixa: hcin
após: hcas
primeiro: hpas
próprio: hpun
alienável-posse: hlic
Nunca: hnac
inalienável-posse: hkic
velho: hwat
deliberativo-humor: hcim
dia: htin
Onde: hnap
vir: hlat
caminho: hyas
trabalho: hkaf
vogal: hwaf
ir: hkun
perlative-caso: pwik
progressivo-aspecto: hpip
grandes: hlac
dizer: hsac
como: hkin
até: hpit
costas: hwap
Aqui: hcic
acho: hcik
mesmo: hsam
mais-recente: kcac
ausente: twan
debaixo-contexto: hnas
leva: htit
encontrado: hfan
mão: cyat
jovem: hyac
embora: hyap
dar: hkik
Deus: hmac
delative-caso: lwak
nenhuma-coisa: hmin
certo: hyit
uma-vez: hyam
semelfactive-aspecto: fwip
parte: hpat
viu: htic
casa: hfas
mundo: tcat
cabeça: hcaf
três: tyin
neo: hnon
foco: hcok
AME: hpac
sempre: hsit
noite: hwit
cada: hmit
rei: hyak
entre: hsin
coração: cyin
paucal-número: plom
Porque: hyok
causal-caso: ksak
coisa: hkis
conjunto: swat
nome: hnem
adequado-substantivo: hran
exortativo: hrat
país: hlit
perguntei: hput
visível-comprobatório: crit
melhor: pcac
lado: psac
curso: hkus
fêmea: hfin
o-suficiente: kyat
em-breve: hpuc
cheio: hcun
quarto: hfac
quase: hlap
não-podes: nyat
água: hwik
desiderativa-humor: hdin
claro: lyak
nem: hnun
palavra: slat
porta: tyan
uso: hpus
manhã: hsap
terminativo-caso: twik
poder: hkuk
si-mesmos: hmis
presente: hyin
voz: hwas
branco: hpis
dinheiro: tlan
Próximo: kyak
pobre: hyis
morte: hmut
Formato: hfam
inessive-caso: nwik
tipo: tyac
frequentemente: tsan
ano: nwan
amigos: myat
ordem: hyut
imperativo-humor: hpim
volta: hcut
acreditar: hban
público: hpin
Estado-contexto: hsas
filho: psat
cem: hmas
crianças: hcis
assim: tyak
esperança: hcap
acima: hyip
Prezada: pyin
ler: pyac
cidade: hsic
já: hpic
fato: hfat
factive-comprobatório: hfit
ouvir: hsun
mínimo: hmim
possivelmente: pyat
aberto: kcat
corpo: tcic
ar: cwac
natureza: nyit
Socorro: mlat
carta: lyat
quatro: ksat
optativo-humor: hpam
fogo: hfak
portanto: hyif
hora: hcam
livre: tyit
guerra: syat
se: hsaf
razão: kyan
unido: hnut
ligar: hkuc
porque: hwam
perdido: hkut
mil: tsas
família: hfic
alma: twam
questão: swac
cuidado: kcan
realis-humor: hlin
significar: mwit
potencial-humor: hten
em-direção: cyan
alativo-caso: lwik
antrópico-gênero: hrin
baixo: kyut
capaz: hyuk
ao-vivo: hkip
assunto: hsek
mesmo-sujeito-marcador: hcek
diferente-sujeito: hfek
responda: tsat
mar: mwat
medo: hcoc
compreender: pcat
difícil: kyin
condições: tyut
dúvida: hdac
dubitativo-humor: twin
perguntar: psan
braços: tcas
preto: clis
trazer: tyat
bela: ksis
escuro: tcak
aguarde: psak
dez: htaf
mostra: pyan
história: hkif
comum: kwan
reservar: hkup
eletrônico: lyin
conversa: plak
marca: myac
interesse: nyis
Escreva: kcit
cama: pwat
necessário: syis
idéia: hwis
arte: klat
Vialis-caso: hlas
irmão: pyak
às-vezes: ksas
linha: lyan
mesa: tlas
rio: nwit
olho: kyac
informação: fyin
de-repente: tfan
estranho: hgan
profundo: ksan
alterar: hrit
sentindo-me: nwac
Conheçer: mlit
propósito: htuc
feliz: hcuc
parecer: syit
sangue: cyac
rosa: kwas
sul: swan
frio: tlat
para-a-frente: myik
posição: psis
atrasado: tyam
ficar-de-pé: syan
supor: nlas
filha: pyit
meu: myan
cortar: hkim
cópia: hfap
marido: hgat
seis: hlis
lembrar: twat
efeito: hyaf
cair: htuk
exceto: hsip
cabelo: hpaf
passar: pyas
direitos-autorais: pcit
exército: cyit
corre: kcak
cavalo: kcas
futuro: hwic
oeste: pcak
pagamento: plit
vermelho: hyun
ouro: tcun
desejo: hdan
Toque: plin
dominar: mwas
escritório: hfus
governo: syak
Igreja: kyas
comprimento: hlen
companhia: ksin
papel: kyis
probabilidade: hbin
especialmente: cyas
Urso: pcas
janela: cyak
acordo: hgac
beleza: syac
dever: tfac
mandar: fyan
distância: htif
silêncio: slan
pé: fyat
selvagem: kyik
morrer: myam
Guardar: pfan
verde: kcin
problema: mlan
sorrir: myak
errado: clat
vários: pcin
dorme: slit
quotative-caso: kwik
começo: cwan
açao: kfan
visita: fwat
Segue: nlan
experimentar: tcis
presença: psit
doce: tlit
rico: tcin
inimigo: tcam
navio: hcip
condição: kyit
Incluindo: hkum
inclusivo-pessoa: hlon
segredo: kwit
precative-humor: pwim
educado-registrar: hbit
mal: pwac
Março: myas
tanto-faz: kwac
fique: hlam
ao-invés: plat
azul: plan
impossível: psap
escola: hsuk
ocasião: ksac
casado: nwat
Comida: hcuk
vinte: tsis
quieto: tcit
facilmente: hnis
em-perspectiva-aspecto: hrap
idioma: lyac
expressão: syas
semana: hsus
corredor: hcum
perigo: kcic
propriedade: myit
nascermos: nyan
quadra: kcut
geralmente: tyap
sentencioso-aspecto: hmip
que-vale-a pena: tyas
simples: syap
árvore: pyic
luta: pyap
parede: twit
céu: cwak
incoativo-aspecto: htip
jussivo-humor: hjin
tom: twun
consideração: klan
esperado: pcik
mês: hmaf
experiência: nyap
inteiramente: nyac
fresco: tsac
duque: hnuk
coberto: kwak
limite: hyim
leste: tyuk
pedra: pwan
um-pouco: kfat
direção: tlac
cadeira: kwis
apoio: syut
encontro: tyic
aldeia: klac
campo: clit
permissão: nwin
permissivo-humor: hmom
sucesso: slak
adequado: hric
monte: clin
música: ksik
distal-demonstrativo: hdat
tarde: htup
chora: hyuc
honra: hnaf
Sete: swit
particular: pfat
notícia: nwas
cena: slac
jardim: cyam
corrida: htus
distributivo-caso: twak
aprender: clan
político: syik
mentira: kcun
elenco: tsak
comer: kcam
andar: hlaf
doente: pwin
original: mlin
verão: kyam
religião: tlam
fotografia: ksit
escapar: plap
autor: hlut
Castanho: pyun
determinado: htem
dor: hdon
Primavera: psin
século: syic
suave: mwan
canto: kyun
produzir: psas
rir: cyaf
esqueço: flat
Europa: hyup
oito: lwat
vestido: lwac
terrível: cyap
respiração: syaf
sábio: hbas
possessivo-marcador: srak
memória: myin
moderno: fwan
local: tcap
ascensão: hyus
parar: pyik
cinquenta: hfis
ilha: tlap
tocar: hsuc
promessa: pcam
comissiva-humor: mwin
grau: tfat
plano: plac
conduta: nyak
surpresa: cran
minuto: hmun
tiro: hwut
pior: pcap
vidro: klak
exemplo: tlin
seguro: hsif
médico: tsit
completivo-aspecto: hmep
repetiu: tyun
militares: slin
caloroso: nyam
bebe: pfin
questões: pcaf
raiva: nran
diretamente: tyik
chapéu: hcup
cão: kwap
servo: hnuc
orgulho: hram
multidão: tcuc
trem: nyin
moral: myut
associado: kyim
entrar: fyak
regra: nyas
espada: cwat
ataque: kfak
saúde: clac
parágrafo: pyaf
social: hsum
restituição: tfit
desculpa: hpec
coragem: krac
graça: hnen
oficial: hfaf
forneceram: tsik
pedido: pwit
relance: klas
movimento: hyon
esperar: cwit
oposto: psam
doze: tyaf
contratado: nyut
vinho: hwun
gosto: swut
ferro: fyac
distribuir: syin
comércio: myap
vantagem: twac
roupas: kfip
juiz: fwak
diferença: tfaf
ansioso: kcis
capitão: kwin
acabado: nlat
cessação-aspecto: hsep
curioso: kyic
estrangeiro: kwic
intensificador: hnif
importância: myun
finalmente: hfim
conta: fwin
provar: hpuk
evita: flan
pescoço: cyun
legal: hfik
seco: swak
servir: syam
perder: pcut
evidência: pyut
comprobatório-caso: hdak
progresso: pyis
construção: klit
pesquisa: syuc
triste: hrac
pecado: psip
trinta: tfis
honesto: tsin
fechar: kyap
banco: pcun
destino: cyik
floresta: hfun
medida: mlac
caso-contrário: htoc
corrente: lyam
pão: hpup
adicional: tfak
escolher: twas
animal: nwam
zóico-gênero: hzin
Eventive-humor: hwim
mesmo-evento-marcador: hcom
multiplicativo-caso: tlak
espesso: hmus
criatura: hyum
chuva: myic
superfície: pfas
piedosos: swis
julho: clim
relatório: hfut
costa: pwas
arquivo: hfif
ombro: cwut
surpreso: kran
real: klik
canção: hkuf
conforto: kfaf
alguém: nyic
grama: kcap
desenhar: cwik
abertura: cyic
junho: cwun
peixe: mlic
capital: klin
mama: cyut
neve: hcif
educação: tlik
afiado: tcaf
pena: hdam
despesa: fyas
Sua: hmuc
milhão: mlun
cansado: tcik
matar: ksam
sombra: cwap
peso: plas
massa: mlas
estabelecido: tlip
bravo: pyam
fino: plic
satisfeito: srat
Verifica: kcik
virtude: hdet
nacional: nyaf
divino: swin
vale: clak
adivinhar: kwam
especulativo-humor: hken
amarelo: clas
permanece: mwac
dobrado: nlac
caixa: pwak
estação: tsim
ciência: slas
perfuração: kcuc
tio: hmuk
Lista: lyit
agosto: ksut
popular: hlup
desconhecido: fyit
familiar: flak
familiar-registrar: krit
leitor: tsut
abordagem: pcuc
duas-vezes: tsap
intelectual: tfik
verdadeiramente: tsam
sacerdote: pcis
feridos: fran
tristeza: hpom
palácio: kfas
batida: clap
Eh?: hnec
enganar: myuk
borda: pfac
nove: nwun
explosão: psut
sofrer: tfas
barulho: hcus
literatura: lyic
conselho: swas
vazio: kcuk
categoria: psik
tempestade: tcut
bolso: kyip
imaginação: nlin
frase: cwas
novembro: nwap
dezembro: tsip
ausência: psic
obrigado: ryak
endereço: tyis
pássaro: pyuc
proprietário: mlik
casaco: kwut
preparar: tyip
relações: lwan
fumaça: htum
janeiro: nwak
máquina: clic
conteúdo: nyik
dentes: tlis
vergonha: hcet
baía: kcaf
cérebro: pyuk
anel: klic
frase-marcador: frak
Praça: ksap
fruta: fyut
chá: tsic
explicar: slam
bem-vindo: cwam
poesia: pwis
comprar: klam
fiel: hdic
excitação: hcen
quarenta: klis
abril: pyip
amavelmente: kfit
outubro: kfap
amargo: kyuc
escravo: tlaf
solto: hluk
texto: tsus
crédito: cyip
quinze: pfit
cruel: kcim
Junte-se: cluc
processo: hpif
crime: kyaf
poeira: tsuc
prático: plik
cor: nlak
destruir: nyuc
aumentar: lyas
nariz: hnus
Admitem: tyim
ontem: kfac
hesternal-tenso: tlen
falhou: slap
continuar: tcim
usar: pwam
cego: nlit
dúzia: tsun
mosca: fyap
louvor: cwin
diabo: cwaf
gradualmente: twic
sacrifício: kyif
exercício: cyis
consciência: tfin
teoria: tlic
ministro: myis
ódio: hnet
lago: cwic
centro: syun
desmaiar: pfic
racional-gênero: hron
cuidadoso: fwac
apreciar: nlam
adoração: pwap
bens: twap
pele: twaf
cobertura: tlut
coroa: gyan
castelo: klap
trono: tcus
anexado: nlaf
milha: mlim
extremo: krim
prisão: fyis
copo: kcip
membro: mlam
civil: syim
em-toda-parte: tsaf
evidente: tfic
casal: pwaf
volume: clam
personalizadas: ksaf
curva: ksun
terno: slut
eu-no: mwak
leite: hluc
vegetal-gênero: hwen
visão: slic
raro: nlap
prima: ksic
ponte: pwut
proteger: pfak
sal: swam
inocente: hwus
rainha: kwim
contagem: kcus
curiosidade: hras
dança: tyus
hotel: clut
preencher: flin
prisioneiro: psun
loja: hjan
escada: sric
implorar: hmen
areia: sran
violento: hgit
setembro: hsem
saída: prac
ruína: crin
habilidade: krin
gado: hwec
equipamento: hwip
cozinha: hkon
vender: hbak
velocidade: hsot
conclusão: clon
computador: hkot
eterno: hsen
limitado: mrit
biblioteca: hbek
base: hbac
confusão: hrun
glorioso: cris
Da-mesma-forma: hjic
amedrontado: hbic
infeliz: prin
artigo: hrek
cozinhar: kfin
banda: hbat
deserto: hget
beijo: hbun
bola: hbot
bastão: hpot
argumento: hrut
observar: nrak
bênção-humor: hbim
impressionante: hrim
culpado: hdis
pistola: hgin
polícia: plis
esconder: hzan
expedição: srin
ignorante: nrin
generoso: drac
nuvem: blan
desperdício: htek
fevereiro: frif
doença: hren
gastar: bwan
fonte: sron
iniciativa-caso: hnok
tia: hbam
demora: dlic
atrasado-imperativo: hlip
relatado-comprobatório: prat
meia-noite: dyit
herói: nrac
filosofia: hfof
dedo: hjit
confortável: hzat
em-algum-lugar: hmoc
pressione: bran
funcionários: hraf
recompensa: rwan
culpa: dlac
miséria: krat
testa: htec
de-Anúncios: glan
anjo: htet
singular-número: hgam
alvorecer: hbon
comercial: krak
perdoar: pran
ovelha: hcec
paciência: hpen
Fazenda: crac
referencial: hrec
milho: mran
chave: kcif
maioria: hmot
fraqueza: hdut
atmosfera: traf
suspiro: tcoc
humanidade: mlis
oposição: pric
disco: hdik
solitário: hket
artista: nrat
cavaleiro: cwis
charme: tran
decisão: drin
governador: gran
filial: rwac
disposição: hsoc
entusiasmo: tsum
indutivo-humor: hdum
comunidade: hmum
óleo: hyen
cachimbo: hbap
imprimir: trat
ó: dyoc
discurso-contexto: hros
vocativo-caso: hwok
cabine: ksen
alarme: plam
nervoso: hnes
permanente: hset
faca: ksuk
seda: slik
desprezo: grin
inferno: nrik
separado: plen
a-sério: mrat
misturado: mrik
de-madeira: mrak
preferir: hpet
aviso: trin
admoestação-humor: htom
impulso: hmos
ambição: mrac
negar: hnek
constituição: swic
instrumento: srit
contínuo-aspecto: hnip
maré: hgas
escola-Superior: klen
cauda: hkek
geração: nric
gato: blat
direto-comprobatório: hret
abandonado: trac
onze: hyec
instinto: nlik
característica: trit
tribo: hgik
apreensivo-humor: pcim
abrigo: crat
grosseiro: hruc
equitação: hris
agitar: hmon
indústria: hdot
profissão: hres
lâmpada: hdap
café: kfif
obedecer: htot
norte: nrit
enfermeira: nris
assegurar: hjat
cadeia: ryin
ensino: cric
sapatos: hgut
jarda: mram
vago: hmec
em-outro-lugar: hlet
apartamento: pret
atividade: twot
sábado: cram
luz-do-sol: hduc
viúva: hwuc
elemento: hlem
reflexão: hfen
organização: hgis
estrela: tram
incidente: hgon
hóspede: hgip
Barra: brap
garrafa: hbet
abençoar: blak
mexer: crak
interior: trik
consertar: krik
derivar: prit
oco: hcot
província: hpos
civilização: srac
aguentar: hgak
choque: crok
exceção: swap
cepa: tren
padrão: ryan
dirigindo: dran
livrar: hruk
jurar: kses
tesouro: zran
semente: hbis
torre: tras
favorito: fwit
recentemente: hcem
recente-passado-tenso: hrot
acordado: srik
mobiliário: mrin
corda: hkos
aventura: hdas
realeza: ryit
festa: dyat
descrever: dras
sessenta: hses
escala: hkem
cerimônia: srec
caça: clik
sussurro: psus
largamente: ryat
cristandade: ksim
advogado: hwif
detalhe: drit
Princesa: hrus
altar: dlat
rede: hwes
roxo: brin
reunir: hkoc
eleição: hben
concepção: kren
bêbado: crik
derramar: brac
elevador: hlif
gesto: hjis
gerir: rwin
intercâmbio: tcen
definido-artigo: hdek
imperador: mras
controlo-remoto: hroc
feio: clup
inofensivo: cras
rolo: hrof
polegada: nlic
jornal: grat
barba: dric
lágrima: srim
comissão: kson
enquanto-que: grak
cruzamento: kcoc
independência: htes
cheiro: hwon
dezoito: hdec
histórico: tris
bruto: krut
raiz: hrok
lama: hbik
noiva: dlan
véu: pras
teatro: tret
comparação: kras
rival: rwis
equilibrar: slen
treinador: kron
humor: hnum
romance: rwas
vingança: hbaf
ciumento: ryut
roda: hlok
queimado: glat
Flash: flac
crio: hkec
conflito: hnot
maldição: hlos
imprecatório-humor: pram
desamparado: hces
positivo: hzit
clube: klup
inundar: nras
grão: gwan
indiferença: hdun
horizonte: crim
pretensioso-humor: hsom
íngreme: htop
harmonia: mron
trovão: hgot
infância: htok
joelho: hgun
Programas: pwen
ferimento: kram
recibo: ryis
habilitar: nlim
prótase: hpoc
deslize: slok
revolução: hrif
agricultor: hjim
golpe: trak
plataforma: hpof
mensageiro: hmes
privilégio: hpek
organizado: hyot
aluna: clen
caverna: hgec
tradição: rwat
tragédia: tses
despedida: hjap
crítica: ryik
algodão: krap
hospital: slot
arrendar: kris
gás: hges
inevitável: pwic
mortal: hgim
folha: glit
publicação: plun
hostil: tsup
tradução: dwan
funeral: jran
farinha: mrun
correspondência: ryon
romântico: hrom
cabana: clun
propor: psot
mimético: hmet
dólar: dlon
luz-do-dia: hjac
dezesseis: hsos
montagem: hzac
colônia: klon
asa: gyin
leão: hles
cultura: klut
coluna: hkom
destreza: glak
drama: dram
gracejo: hjuc
névoa: hdus
medicamento: dwas
catorze: hkes
ácido: sram
nomeadamente: hyet
renda: hmok
bispo: hbip
laranja: tron
banho: byan
primitivo: rwit
cesta: ksek
secretário: sris
palha: prak
impaciente: pfif
salvação: slon
hodierno-tenso: dlin
pretender: zrin
vapor: tcip
veneno: hwoc
talento: tlon
clima: lwim
eficaz: fric
distinguir: tcif
lavagem: dwac
confissão: kfis
absurdo: hjas
carvão: kyon
canoa: kwon
temporário: tric
delimitative-aspecto: hdip
osso: hcos
Segunda-feira: nwic
terça-feira: glac
quarta-feira: bwac
federal: frin
desejável: hzic
representante: ryic
linho: lwin
lavatório: swuk
sobrinho: bwin
sangrento: kric
cerco: cren
estômago: hpem
bronze: pcon
cimeira: hzik
quinto: pfik
barato: brat
exclusivo-pessoa: kwen
apreender: zrat
cerca: hzas
estátua: tfam
artilharia: tlep
abraço: mrap
em-torno-da: sren
estritamente: srot
cervo: hluf
arbusto: hbuc
estrada-de-ferro: hrep
descarga: hduk
herdeiro: mris
carvalho: blun
desagradável: pren
invenção: hgic
piano: pyon
persuadir: swen
invisível: gric
bem-conhecido: ryun
crueldade: kluk
tentação: hyoc
telic-aspecto: hlep
econômico: kfik
internacional: troc
interferir: tcek
filósofo: flif
elegante: gyit
bem-estar: kyen
pescaria: mlak
roubar: truc
lábio: hloc
aposentar: ryac
alongamento: sras
galeria: glen
paralelo: zlan
atelic-aspecto: htep
continente: trap
proibitivo-humor: nrim
gravata: dwat
célula: slep
ovo: dyan
artificial: jrat
Enquanto-isso: nwis
crise: ksot
educado: sloc
almoço: lyon
pinho: pwon
empurrar: hcef
aliança: lyen
cintura: hkop
milagre: hmek
marinheiro: slis
pureza: prut
república: hguk
telefone: tfen
chicote: krip
camisa: cyim
introduzir: ryas
sofá: hsof
varrer: hsup
ladrao: ksif
reter: nrec
canal: kcen
personalidade: klim
reforma: kfam
ameaçador: hzim
palma: plim
alto-falante: hzak
limiar: dwic
induzir: pris
lança: bzak
arrumado: syec
sessão: cwen
tortura: crot
úmido: tcum
cume: grit
viajante: hyek
moinho: mwik
mapa: jrac
colarinho: klok
substituir: klif
deliberadamente: drat
cerveja: hbif
veludo: hwem
gravidade: gwit
sermão: hpum
Abuso: glas
rebanho: hgen
treze: tres
justificar: jyit
Sexta-feira: crum
escova: broc
baixar: dlas
creme: krem
penhasco: klaf
júri: jrin
monstro: ksos
congeladas: hgoc
pote: pfot
centavo: psen
insistir: srut
maçã: hpep
discutir: drak
Antecedentes: prun
transcrever: trim
periódico: prik
diversão: nren
vírus: bris
infantil: blit
refletir: flit
converter: kcet
esboço: kluc
ópera: hpop
aprovação: nron
trair: rwak
punir: hzen
cotovelo: kcon
acessório: tcet
reparar: hrop
suspeito: cyec
setenta: swet
Bíblia: srip
cova: grac
desordem: dlak
binário: byin
abadia: bjan
flecha: tcec
tender: trec
elaborar: frat
fidelidade: hlot
moeda: syip
tremer: tcem
exílio: gwin
mecânico: myim
armadilha: crap
bolo: kyek
senhor: cyes
hesitar: sret
dezessete: syet
mel: myon
estaca: dzat
piso: hjam
tijolo: brit
oitenta: hpes
infelizmente: pcen
consultar: kcot
lenda: lwen
colheita: hfos
promoção: pfon
fogão: hsop
rebelde: bric
antiquado: hnom
inchar: cron
pântano: swot
curativo: hdes
ascético: pces
Gerente: mren
coro: cros
racional: tson
em-processamento: pson
lobo: blaf
tapete: hgap
antiguidade: hjak
fértil: frut
apito: slif
queijo: twis
mordida: byat
convite: jwan
catedral: kyet
porto: brak
vaguear: djan
cultivo: tsos
marinha: nlen
máscara: mrok
lápis: pses
vegetal: sroc
exposição: hzet
calças: tlun
corrupção: hrup
armário: nram
sopa: srup
cirurgião: syon
abono: tcot
espião: gyas
imprudente: hlec
bisbilhotice: gyic
símbolo: hzon
abstrato: srok
quinta-feira: cwim
tráfego: ryaf
arquitetura: ryek
fenda: rwaf
ornamento: rwon
reverso: lwas
divertir: mwun
recuperação: ksus
calçada: plut
decisivo: dyin
negativo: nraf
festival: hfec
reduzir: hrum
traição: zyan
caçador: djin
serpente: syen
bateria: bret
cera: flam
detetive: dlit
análise: nlis
ênfase: hzot
nadar: twen
envelope: lwaf
quem-quer-que: hgek
cigarro: jrit
motor: mrot
voluntário: hwot
reação: ryif
Bagagem: blam
surdo: hboc
suco: hjus
humildade: jlit
ministério: mret
sexual: hjon
diâmetro: dyam
machado: blac
diamante: dlam
alternar: hlek
eco: hgus
limitação: swon
identidade: hdaf
tela: krun
preguiçoso: lwis
momentané-aspecto: hmop
compactar: kfot
deriva: hdif
desaparecer: hgaf
raio: ryen
tinta: mwic
maciço: mraf
adega: dyac
memorável: nrun
brilho-intenso: klek
senado: slet
caixão: tfap
perdão: frac
andorinha: nlun
saciar: nlot
balanço: swun
prado: gram
complexo: klos
renúncia: hzis
humilde-registrar: nret
conspiração: swim
Pimenta: prip
pónei: pron
candidato: hzam
Raposa: flik
chaminé: tcon
jurisdição: drik
agricultura: rwic
precisão: tcuk
antigo-falecido: brim
democrático: mrek
broto: hbos
cobertor: bwat
saudar: hgep
porco: srus
em-forma-de: krek
marfim: craf
clássico: ksok
observador: nwet
elefante: lwit
unhas: nwus
abelha: hmif
enterrar: dzan
ator: bzat
suor: zwan
polonês: ploc
ilusão: hlus
incerteza: pcet
secundário: syif
dobra: tsot
rural: grun
gemido: nyen
assemelhar: slec
citar: hzun
saco: cyek
aborrecimento: fren
agulha: hjun
controlada: nroc
frango: truk
consistente: kwot
barril: bras
habitual-aspecto: hcep
especialista: ksec
impressionar: blin
azeitona: zlin
van: myen
obstáculo: bwak
aceno-com-a cabeça: kcec
adotivo: plaf
definição: fyic
aniversário: gjin
martelo: hcof
perfumado: hfon
repetição: trun
trivial: twut
pontapé: hjik
escavação: kwaf
animal-de-estimação: plot
crânio: hcop
legislatura: dlik
salto: cruk
carranca: crun
patente: plet
bilhão: blim
químico: fyik
piloto: pyot
imitar: mlot
saia: kwet
incomumente: srap
semanal: jwik
técnico: tfip
vegetação: tset
Corvo: kraf
nascer-do-sol: sruc
tempo-de-vida: glin
contribuir: hyom
gancho: hdok
tigre: blic
penetrar: crut
manga: slun
auto-estrada: jras
milícia: mlip
vala: kroc
integridade: kret
dezenove: dzin
orgânico: rwik
teologia: flic
flutuador: flut
bruxa: byac
furado: hwuk
diplomático: dyik
estúdio: twos
ultrapassarem: kcok
champanhe: cyen
inspirar: crif
bandeira: hbes
divórcio: lwon
parafuso: hbut
veia: jyan
passiva: psif
espuma: hgum
cascalho: grik
avental: tyen
planeta: gren
prateleira: claf
ventilador: flon
tropical: hjip
fase: fwas
arbitrário: rwen
pronunciar: kfun
mercúrio: krok
rastejar: hrem
suicídio: tcos
repórter: prot
privar: hpok
hábil: klun
varanda: blik
Forquilha: fras
empregado: mlek
empregador: myot
largura: jrak
irritada: djit
acusar: klot
pensão: pyen
verbo: kres
macaco: mwon
aceitável: hwek
assinatura: tlim
ortodoxo: rwos
ironia: fron
berçário: nrap
relutância: jlan
importar: tyot
tocha: croc
gramática: gjak
depósito: gyat
colonial: plon
iate: jyat
conseqüente: kwec
cúpula: kwun
espessura: hfot
teimoso: cyon
músculo: hmup
magnitude: ryam
esfregar: ryos
covardemente: rwam
arreios: gwac
torrada: tros
rato: myus
sílaba: slim
pancadinha: prap
diálogo: dlaf
neutro: nrot
diligência: dwin
contradição: trot
alcançar: kfic
cabra: byak
florescer: hfet
impor: mlon
anônimo: nwim
formal-registrar: frit
bezerro: hbof
manual: mwut
fundição: hjec
excluir: flas
guarda-chuva: gras
bota: bzut
mineral: mrim
trégua: crus
Pato: hbok
planejamento: pfam
sabão: hsuf
boneca: gwak
esqueleto: klet
vila: blis
de-costura: jlin
conciliar: dyak
chaleira: kset
maduro: mruc
Coelho: kruc
condutor: nwot
dependência: djat
jogador: jlic
inseto: pset
restaurante: cret
coruja: lwun
radical: djik
residente: zwin
Dragão: dron
auditivo-comprobatório: drot
com-sede: kyos
demorar: dren
cálculo: glun
regulamento: ryim
prefeito: mlap
minoria: mric
aquisição: dwon
veterano: bren
orquestra: ryes
bacon: bjin
desvantagem: zwat
tecido: frap
músico: gzik
mentalmente: hnep
conjunção: nyon
insuficiente: nrip
arquiteto: tsek
limão: nyim
tosse: kcos
dor-de-cabeça: crek
inquilino: ryet
fertilidade: srun
curar: hfoc
noventa: nwon
acaso: hbec
colher: kcek
balão: blon
giz: hfip
inferencial-comprobatório: nlet
editor: pcot
vinagre: sruk
cinza: fyec
expletivo: slek
reviver: nrut
suscetível: kfim
túnel: tfun
quebra-cabeça: hpef
mecanismo: mwim
matemática: gzit
desvanecer: frun
fígado: jwin
Sublative-caso: bwik
mergulho: dris
unidade: twim
monopólio: hnop
jogos-de-azar: hgup
submarino: bzin
terremoto: hbem
laboratório: brot
cortiça: kruk
auto-ao-controle: syot
Buda: hbus
tricotar: bjat
embaixada: blas
o-mais-distante: sres
declarativo-humor: drim
estímulo: tyuc
chocolate: clot
coincidência: tyon
luva: gwat
ajoelhar: hjek
geografia: hjif
investimento: nwes
verbal: mrec
analogia: nlip
secular: srek
falcão: blap
psicologia: nloc
prender: gjan
fragmento: krep
Função: cyum
dose: hdos
salmão: slom
pudim: pwun
magnético: gyik
bomba: pcom
oxigênio: ksip
certificado: tfot
medalha: hmem
retórica: trok
raspar: rwap
remo: dyas
telescópio: trip
colar: clek
soletração: prif
uísque: hwos
salgueiro: hwof
camelo: hlum
amador: myet
Saída: crec
biografia: brif
asno: gzac
mensal: mwis
ignorar: nruk
férias: byit
clique: lyik
oval: twon
elástico: lyet
dicionário: kfon
presunto: gzam
arco-Iris: rwun
consumir: kcum
cuspir: tcup
tanque: trek
colega: clok
borboleta: trif
gráfico: graf
gêmeo: jwat
independentemente: trem
bambu: hbum
negociante: jlat
acumulação: kles
inspetor: nyet
bocado: hyos
pesadelo: hbom
geléia: gjam
museu: mrem
alfabeto: lwam
espalhar: zras
incursão: crip
divulgar: clus
podridão: fraf
agressivo: gris
atrito: mroc
pier: gyac
aranha: brik
batata: trut
revisão: cwon
ganância: jlac
prematuro: ryot
multiplicar: gzan
girar: pcip
estatística: tsok
calendário: klem
nomeação: nwen
trilhão: tlos
sótão: tlok
afirmativo-humor: rwim
aplicações: pfen
nominal: nlon
descontentamento: sraf
infecção: hfok
jarro: krot
encolher-de-ombros: cyok
pioneiro: gzin
omissão: nlif
repolho: glic
atlético: tlet
embriaguez: mrut
idiophone: hdof
alavanca: lwek
senador: syem
íris: nrif
formiga: mwam
erro: hbop
grávida: grim
precipitado: hjet
tornozelo: tcok
classificação: glik
variável: prim
embrulho: ryap
encaracolado: krec
enxofre: hsef
ditar: dwik
emergir: brun
rã: fram
excessivo-caso: twek
esponja: hjen
chato: djon
esquilo: slip
moer: zyin
irrealis-humor: flim
vulcão: glam
dentro-de-casa: gron
explorar: kloc
geológico: jlik
passaporte: psop
imoral: mlet
bolacha: hbuk
cooperação: kros
comprimido: tlot
relaxamento: kces
átomo: trom
Auxilia: hzip
pirâmide: psim
ciclo: swok
sesta: hnup
ilegal: hjaf
pata: pfap
acanhamento: crom
eclipse: klip
alaúde: lwap
vassoura: srum
painel: mwen
astronomia: tcom
labirinto: blen
bolsa-de-estudo: bwit
tartaruga: kfuc
conselheiro: dwak
fibra: fwic
grilo: jrik
Pombo: ksom
adaptação: dyon
triângulo: tfon
tesoureiro: tsen
hidrogênio: jron
frágil: hfuk
impressora: pyet
estrangulamento: tcof
crônico: gzon
lidar: slaf
dilema: dlim
engenharia: jyin
Câmera: hkef
pedir-desculpas: pluc
lamber: lwet
dançarino: dret
migração: mres
tênis: tces
espinha: clip
fritar: zrac
tear: tfuc
facada: twuc
senha: psaf
hemisfério: praf
estratégia: zrit
quartzo: krus
tesoura: jris
patrulha: proc
geleira: lwic
a-meio-caminho: dwam
memorando: mwap
cone: kwuc
simetria: hzut
fabricante: zrak
réu: fwik
mesquita: djis
xadrez: cres
Pedágio: htof
cereja: tref
muito-difundido: kfen
tropeçar: tfok
caminhão: ryok
mostarda: mros
por-cento: pfet
leilão: jlam
peneira: srif
instável: swoc
ímã: gjat
chupar: syus
islamismo: slum
na-ponta-dos pés: twip
membrana: mlen
barbear: clet
violão: gjit
brilhante: bzan
olmo: hyem
planar: kcom
pronome-marcador: ryec
grampo: pcus
especiaria: zlat
fiança: jlas
portador: zyac
vibração: bron
provocação: trus
arado: hlom
fisiológica: zlik
calha: hgok
cometa: cyet
medieval: dyic
pardal: grec
compensar: twet
plástico: psuk
nota-de-rodapé: cyot
órbita: rwot
frugal: twum
golfe: hgof
zero: zrun
lasca: tcep
oprimir: prok
bocejar: gjac
desigualdade: gwas
toupeira: tloc
cerâmica: frik
dona-de-casa: hgif
centeio: rwem
desobedecer: hyes
tolerante: glon
embrião: brec
mineiro: jren
aplaudir: zlac
fermento: lyim
prêmio: pfim
ameixa: plem
falência: byas
irrigação: rwif
hortelã: nyun
capitalista: glis
elasticidade: hlef
Tubarão: gyak
recrutar: drut
armazenamento: zren
realismo: cles
gengibre: djic
ambulância: blus
comparável: kwip
carteira: bjap
careta: glim
cientista: gyis
intestino: grot
equanimidade: hwum
rádio: href
irrelevante: zlit
feijão: bwam
informal: frim
neta: gyut
desacordo: dloc
bife: tfek
azoto: zron
navalha: hjut
contrastando: krom
propaganda: pcoc
Fogos-de-artifício: fris
estouro: pcop
despir: crop
sulco: cruc
prejudicial: hzaf
judaísmo: hjum
complemento: pluk
lente: lyes
pegative-caso: pwek
Câncer: kfes
penhor: pyek
conferencista: zyat
vazamento: hzuk
qualificar: krif
densidade: djot
indução: dyis
mastigar: htuf
falador: bzit
lagosta: hgos
desconto: dyut
Táxi: tsuk
hierarquia: crem
jade: gyec
rosnar: glaf
lagarto: lyis
Cachoeira: crof
decepcionante: djak
veto: frot
presidência: ryip
comprador: mrif
galão: jlen
mosquito: mruk
desvio: dwen
lutar: lyut
mosaico: myok
plugue: plok
agachamento: pcuk
mercearia: ksoc
comunista: myos
surpreender: mwek
prosecutive-caso: rwuk
constelação: nlos
ditador: dwit
preocupação: tyet
satélite: tlec
chinelo: hlop
consoante: fyon
aproximado: tsif
desempregado: byet
suporte: sros
lótus: lwot
alface: sles
cloreto: lwok
bactérias: bwic
pegajoso: pcek
componente: bwon
núcleo: klec
fingir: bjak
byte: bzet
secreção: sruf
explicitamente: pres
coincidir: mloc
balé: blet
urina: mrus
alho: lyun
decorrido: hguc
economia: kcem
classe-média: hdom
ágil: gjic
tenaz: htef
lavanderia: lyoc
morango: srem
urbano: pcos
embaraçar: mlaf
caderno: tfut
álbum: zlam
beisebol: hbep
fungar: sluc
buffet: hbuf
particípio: rwip
garagem: grek
diagnóstico: djas
muleta: ksuc
extorquir: srom
inscrição: psuc
solúvel: jlun
fósforo: psof
estrutural: rwut
cola: glum
tese: twes
artesão: clif
banana: bwas
axioma: kyom
costela: psos
níquel: nyek
pi: pyim
autocarro: bwos
censurar: swes
míssil: mlus
linguiça: slos
manipulação: nlut
tomate: tfet
reforçar: kfut
soquete: syok
potássio: tsom
recuperar: prup
virtual: zwit
álgebra: gjas
dentista: dzit
ótico: pcok
mover: bzen
biologia: bwim
desemprego: byim
lagarta: krum
solo: slof
navegador: bjac
controlo-remoto-passado tenso: nyot
histórico-tenso: crep
nuclear: nluk
espectro: pyem
sódio: syom
histeria: syes
administrador: tyos
refém: byik
cabaça: gluk
ruga: kwuk
transparência: tfif
espigão: swip
prioridade: pcif
pedestre: dyen
ateísmo: tsem
monitor: mwot
eleitorado: nlec
descontrolado: hkof
sonda: grok
platina: plip
dual-número: dlun
pulmão: pcep
super: syup
carrinho: trop
localmente: lyot
incitar: gzat
gasolina: plif
rim: grif
pilhagem: bzac
avaliação: dlen
arsênico: syek
caracol: nrok
gafanhoto: tsec
equação: fwen
socialista: swos
filtro: flot
sensorial-comprobatório-humor: hxin
ampliar: kyot
emitir: mwet
trela: pwet
tangerina: drun
jóquei: hjok
pneumonia: hnof
solidariedade: gret
dobradiça: cyif
longitudinal: nruc
dividendo: dwun
patim: hkep
expoente: slop
inabilidade: dlif
obsessão: bwen
atribuição: pfun
fotógrafo: trof
delta: dlet
digital: djim
cadela: brut
pálpebra: hyop
diagonal: dyun
subconsciente: byon
sobrancelha: bruc
espirrar: pcec
divertido: dlis
hinduismo: nwum
refugiado: nyif
transporte: cwot
proteína: pwot
lixeira: hdop
refinar: flen
vomitar: hwom
gene: gyen
calouro: hdem
sociologia: syoc
abóbora: kwoc
pescador: hfuc
regional: jyen
movimento-ladeira-acima: hvok
retrospectivo: hxik
tornado: gyon
inversão: nwos
TV: twif
cubo: kfet
produtividade: pwuk
cenoura: krop
molecular: mwuk
conglomerado: glet
contador: ksum
pepino: kyok
orgia: drok
solvente: jlet
fosfato: psef
cartilha: gwik
alcalino: flis
ginástica: jyas
vírgula: kwom
movimento-declive: hvat
aborto-espontâneo: jwac
vagem: tcop
doador: dzon
manganês: hzem
psicólogo: syos
cloro: clos
teclado: kyoc
elite: zyit
parêntese: pfaf
rúgbi: rwoc
úlcera: jlon
flexionada: hxit
mordidela: nres
quantidade: fwam
suéter: swek
evolutivo: fwis
notação: nyoc
ressalto: tcuf
dissecação: drec
esconderijo: kcep
linear: lyec
antimônio: trum
superessive-caso: psek
tumor: twom
erosão: cyos
alfa: flaf
umbigo: nwip
imune: myip
gripe: flun
cervejaria: bjit
simplificar: slef
abreviar: bram
dente: djen
cativar: dwim
coagir: brok
meia: bzas
filme: fyim
cosmos: klom
poluir: hpuf
gregário: gjen
pênis: zyis
silvicultura: lyif
alumínio: lwum
oscilação: zlon
horóscopo: ksop
ejetar: dlek
inclusão: nluc
beneficiário: byic
golfinho: dlip
assassino: cyus
mamífero: myaf
indicador: swif
dióxido: dwis
cólon: zlen
burocracia: brus
distorcer: jric
frigorífico: frip
arqueológico: cluk
inaceitável: kwok
especificação: pfis
folheto: pfut
antropologia: nlom
saboroso: kyec
transitivo: txit
encolher-se: kwus
girassol: hzuc
piolho: glus
íon: lyos
turismo: tyum
modem: myom
aceleração: jrun
falsificar: tsoc
emissão: hmef
seqüestrar: drap
sobreposição: hwep
cabeleireiro: pfes
folclore: floc
capilar: plek
nacionalismo: nlum
nádegas: nros
motivo: hmuf
sublimado: slem
frustração: xras
cobalto: kwos
aveia: gwam
movimento-upriver: trup
ânus: gyam
bovino: bwun
giro: flip
redundância: dzun
vídeo: hwop
boicote: bjik
questionário: cwif
hóquei: cwok
guerrilha: grip
magnésio: hgem
radar: drek
chimpanzé: hzif
confiabilidade: kwif
retângulo: tyec
kelp: klep
generalizar: jlak
toque-de-recolher: kfec
homossexual: mlok
cenário: srop
formulação: flus
reincarnação: nrom
inflamar: zlak
urânio: ryum
Apanhador: kwes
coordenada: kyop
contribuinte: nwaf
integrado: trep
opinou: hzap
gama: hxam
safári: fwim
movimento-rio-abaixo: ht6n
coeficiente: kfus
título: zlic
analista: nles
xeque-mate: hzes
shopping: hmof
bismuto: bzim
cartão-postal: psok
convergência: bros
divagar: djet
acionista: ksem
micróbio: mrip
genital: jwit
morfológica: mluk
beta: byot
calça-jeans: gjis
banco-de-dados: tles
calculadora: klus
raio-X: ksef
analisar: zram
de-Meio-Ambiente: zyen
sigma: zyim
disjunção: hxon
agenda: gres
Visa: bzis
a-infraestrutura: nyuk
vaga-lume: gyun
detetor: tyek
adaptativo: dyip
biólogo: byis
emendar: pyec
bromo: brom
paládio: plum
soluço: kfok
pastel: psec
jardim-zoológico: zwac
clínica: lyok
conotação: nwoc
ioga: hjoc
livraria: byun
terapia: grap
nacionalista: zlis
decapitar: zlet
sim: swec
problemático: byam
jazz: dzas
tungstênio: tsof
terrorista: gwis
driblar: droc
metabolismo: tlem
pensão-alimentícia: lyaf
fim-de-semana: hfom
crisântemo: gzim
vacina: byap
motocicleta: tyok
mantra: dyot
semestre: myes
heroína: gwon
pasta: flap
cátodo: kfoc
ideologia: dlec
estacionamento: prek
theta: fret
anticlímax: hxis
selênio: clem
andar-de-bicicleta: blek
córtex: pros
equivalência: swaf
atual-relevância-marcador: hxak
aeroporto: cwoc
amputar: gyet
basquete: bwet
impostor: mwip
barata: tlek
crômio: hgom
litro: hl6t
no-entanto,: nwec
hormônio: cwom
falho: tluc
perfurar: prec
animismo: nyom
polígono: cloc
feminista: hfes
conjugado: kcop
euro: dros
ginseng: hjes
algoritmo: hlof
laser: lwes
Drogaria: dlot
milímetro: mlem
flexionar: flek
ânodo: nlok
nuança: hzus
meio-período: prem
sensibilidade: nyec
demonstrador: drom
hélio: clum
bilíngüe: dzic
acrônimo: hqim
initialism: nl6m
gerúndio: gros
plasma: psem
cromossoma: rwom
ordinal: rwok
quilômetro: klum
fax: tfes
genética: nwek
sarda: frek
chave-de-fenda: dres
brócolis: blok
pretérito: xrit
vitamina: tyem
cádmio: kyem
bombardeiro: bwoc
gráfico: gjik
titânio: dyim
fazer-alarde: clec
lambda: lwem
namorada: pcem
copular: kyuk
ampulheta: tlus
empatia: mlif
boro: bres
helicóptero: cwet
telúrio: tlum
data-limite: jyic
alinhar: gwic
centímetro: hfem
molibdênio: mlom
lítio: tfim
multimídia: myum
atualizar: dyet
caloria: clom
robô: ryoc
dever-de-casa: groc
logaritmo: grom
mantis: gzas
instalar: nwut
amino: myoc
glifo: glif
aorista: pyos
ecologia: plec
sofisticar: flok
maconha: bjam
micro: mrom
quilograma: lwom
comer-demasiado: jrot
previsível: dzik
pizza: zyas
bisbilhotar: zris
linguística: bwis
corte-de-cabelo: braf
irídio: ryom
racismo: gwim
optimal: gyim
industrialização: drif
sede: krup
cério: zrim
congruente: nrum
partitivo-caso: pxik
cassete: ksep
força-de-vontade: blot
dimensional: dzen
parâmetro: rwet
sincronizar: nrop
maximizar: dzim
seminário: mwec
discoteca: dyok
néon: nyok
ósmio: hzom
Epifania: hp6n
plagiar: lyap
artefato: rwek
reator: fyet
orégano: ryop
plutônio: pwum
ítrio: tyom
aumentativo: hxat
nome-de-usuário: mrum
pós-graduado: zrot
ASA-direita: dwaf
argão: jros
fobia: hxot
socializar: sluk
globalização: bluc
Comprimento-de-onda: hnef
codificar: kfom
reciclar: psoc
reiniciar: nrek
hepatite: pyes
toro: fros
quimioterapia: myep
modulo: mwok
próton: zwot
disquete: dwet
miligrama: mlum
pixels: psep
tântalo: twem
soluto: hjot
genocídio: nyos
predador: rwes
gálio: glem
zircônio: hzum
determinador: txin
não-linear: nlem
pesticida: pyif
berílio: brem
neurônio: nrus
predicativo: pxit
cuecas: tlif
fatorial: kref
nêutron: zrut
nióbio: nwom
germânio: hjem
metalóide: tlop
colocar-em: dlap
prolative-caso: hl6k
biodiversidade: jwic
joystick: jyok
antibiótico: twok
actínio: gjim
astronauta: srof
extraterrestre: tyes
crackpot: hwup
maratona: mrof
itérbio: zwim
autismo: tyif
ionizar: nlof
radão: cwos
nerium: nrem
epidemiologia: pwip
de-velhice: lyuc
acampamento: kyep
listrado: drip
índio: nyum
verídico: hvik
site: bwes
Alcorão: kwek
talher: fwet
nth--raiz: tfec
lawrencium: lyem
direitos-civis: glip
celular: mlof
paralisado: twoc
protactínio: prum
radiação: hd6n
depender-em: pxin
tório-átomo: hxim
jeans-azul: bjun
planta-da-casa: hxas
individualmente: dvit
fluxo-circulante: lwuk
triple--ponto: ht6t
corpo-humano: hn6n
física: bzik
varejo-loja: hxan
césio: hs6m
grandes-atrás: hqan
planilha: hxet
unidade-de-massa: hn6m
compilar: ml6n
--valor-binário: vrim
humano-ser: nyus
de-significa-do: hvan
depan-dari: pxat
praseodímio: pyom
cartão: kxat
finito-verbo: hqik
tentativas-número: hr6n
pró-frase: hr6t
crítico: hk6k
embalagem: pxas
impermanência: pxan
em-a-maioria: txas
descritor: drop
neodímio: nyem
amizade: hvit
ler-só: xyak
encontrados: xwan
sentencioso-humor: kxin
fonema: hxom
racionalidade: xlit
fonológica: xlin
jantar-quarto: hxac
vivo-quarto: hxic
central-caso: zrik
pré-hodierna: hx6n
paciente-caso: hqak
oblíquo-caso: bwok
rural-área: hqat
recurse: hr6s
meio-voz: dyos
meitnerium: hm6m
correio--carrier: hvak
noncommittal: kxit
estoque-mercado: xrak
identificável: hxap
objetivo-gatilho: krof
um-segundo: hxen
lativo-caso: dvak
ração: hr6c
não-humano: hg6n
vivo-coisa: hvic
também-pequeno: hxut
cinema: hvin
hassium: xyim
attenuative: ty6t
multal-número: ml6m
leitoso-caminho: txam
neptúnio: nwem
Escritor-fantasma: txik
trans-numeral: ts6s
enganá--around: hqun
amerício: myem
manhã-glória: txan
bombeiro: xran
berkelium: blem
galáxia-gênero: kxan
nobelium: blum
tchau: hvac
budismo: hfum
fermium: frem
ciano: xyan
soja: syof
distribuidor: qrit
fura-greve: txak
processador: ples
abessive-caso: bvak
adessive-caso: dvik
para-caso: kxak
agentive-caso: dvek
rutherfórdio: hr6m
anticorpo: txip
Como-muito-Como: hjos
agente-gatilho: hg6t
ator-Função: xram
etídio: txim
comum-gênero: hk6n
acompanhante: kl6n
cártamo: kxam
francium: fyam
erbium: ry6m
passiva-voz: xyis
astatine: hqit
mastigação-Chiclete: hqam
estrela-gênero: hqin
citação-Formato: ht6m
curandeiro: jrim
tirinha: kxis
daltônico: hqon
Euler--number: hl6m
Veja-em: kxas
passadeira: pwok
campo-de-batalha: txat
motorista: vrit
circuito-curto: txok
verbal-substantivo: hvis
chorar-Fora: hk6t
estatisticamente: xyit
iogurte: txot
xênon: hs6n
hipnotizar: hxif
leva-fora: hxaf
cláusula--tail: hxok
direto-objeto: dwot
mercearia-loja: kxun
consistir-do: hm6t
ergative-caso: gvik
na---língua: txic
em-primeira-mão: pxam
locativo-caso: hqok
piscina: slup
adverbial-caso: vlak
passear: hqas
televisão-conjunto: ht6s
final-partícula: xlik
evitative-caso: hvek
reabilitação: xlat
regressão: xris
quadra-do-apartamentos: kxot
acordar-acima: hxup
polícia-oficial: ps6s
Juro--in: vran
entrevistador: qrat
rênio: ryem
aerossol: xres
possessivo-caso: kxik
nominalization: mlec
possesso-caso: dzak
sobrecarga: pxak
auxiliar-verbo: xyik
primário-objeto: mlut
computador--vírus: prus
pessoa-de-negócios: hqis
uma-pessoas: hqen
antessive-caso: ts6k
primeiro-ministro: pxis
lutécio: lyum
európio: rwum
fotografar: xrot
música-folclórica: zyik
poeta: vwit
Agência-dos-Correios: pxot
supostamente: hvas
animar-gênero: hven
subessive-caso: bvik
acelerador: glep
polaridade: pr6t
veículo-gênero: vlin
mineral-gênero: xrin
sufixo-verbo-: hvif
apaixonado: pc6n
samário: sr6m
facilitador: hs6t
imaginário---unidade: xyin
velocidade-da-luz: kxac
força-Aérea: hxes
empática-alegria: pfec
ponto-crítico: qyit
tempo-total: hxem
háfnio: xyam
inibição: hn6s
alterar-do-evento: qrin
holmium: xlim
diferente-evento: hf6t
universo-gênero: hvip
localidade-gênero: kxen
virtual-máquina: hvim
pesquisa-gênero: txen
artístico-gênero: ts6n
crastinal-tenso: sl6t
abstrato-gênero: srep
excêntrica-caso: zrek
transitivo-verbo: txif
morfema: tfom
chauvinista: dvis
passado-perfectivo: xrat
profissional: hy6n
indireto-discurso: tyoc
segundo-língua: draf
para-estar: txis
cemitério-mudança: vrak
coletivo-substantivo: hxos
absolutivo-caso: bvuk
paciente-gatilho: tr6t
auto-confiança: hs6s
fezes: hzos
reflexivo-voz: hf6s
impessoal-verbo: hxek
seaborgium: br6m
espaço-em-branco: hxep
modal-caso: dlok
inanimado-gênero: hj6n
causativo: qran
propositiva-humor: psom
elétrico-atual: tr6n
associativo-caso: nwok
superlativo-caso: tluk
também-muito: xyut
planetário-gênero: pxen
animado-desenho-animado: nwuk
recíproca-voz: vrik
legislar: hqaf
em-mínimo: vlas
gramatical-caso: qrak
do-utilizador: pxut
testemunho-benefactivo: kfef
goleiro: hgop
:-except-is: kcef
denominador: dvan
else-if: lyek
lateralmente: hx6s
entre-si: dles
sucessivo-cláusula: lyuk
desgastar: hxun
Bermudas: ht6k
disprósio: prom
em-breve-futuro tenso: rwec
si-unidades: vyin
criptônio: kxon
mendelevium: dlem
aplicativa-voz: hp6s
antipasiva-voz: tsef
continuativo-aspecto: ht6p
radiação-de-doença: hr6k
necessitative-humor: hn6t
solteiro-açao-verbo: hqek
vagão-ferroviário: xlak
superlativo-grau: tlup
existencial-cláusula: hs6k
californium: kf6n
presente-particípio: vrat
luminoso-intensidade: hc6t
singulative-número: slus
gramatical---objeto: hy6t
passiva-particípio: vris
excessivo-duração: kxic
fluido-supercrítico--: sr6t
quantidade-do-substância: ks6t
postpositional-caso: pxok
eletivo-quantificador: lwif
gadolínio: dl6n
epentético-morfema: hp6m
negatório-quantificador: nwif
einsteinium: ny6n
artificial-língua: txac
conectivo-partícula: qrik
controlo-remoto-futuro tenso: twec
freqüentativo-aspecto: hfep
distributivo-pronome: bvin
alocução-acordo: hk6m
calvo: blos
subúrbio: syum
universal-quantificador: vlit
computador-programação: mr6m
televisão-programa: tr6m
ponto-flutuante-número -: hvun
existencial-quantificador: tl6t
a-dia-depois de amanhã: dwek
alternativa-quantificador: lw6t
mal-humorado: hdup
passado-passiva-particípio: hp6t
a-dia-antes ontem: txet
locativo-direcional-caso: tc6k
contrafactual-condicional: ht6c
