phrase-or g
attentive g
inattentive g
avoiding g
alertness g
exhaustion g
effort g
no-special-effort g
repose g
hope g
despair g
interest g
disinterest g
repulsion g
a g
intent g
indecision g
refusal g
desire g
indifference g
reluctance g
after g
I-anticipate g
I-experience g
I-remember g
emphasize-next g
replaced-by g
perfective g
exaggeration g
accuracy g
understatement g
will-be-going-to g
will-actually g
will-be-then g
compelled-by g
will-have-been g
in-language g
link-phrase g
north-of g
request-to-send g
sent-by g
end-linked-phrase g
lack g
presence g
satiation g
link-more-phrase g
hi-priority-operator g
unordered-interval g
ordered-interval g
new-information g
old-information g
is-a-octet g
is-eighth-among g
short-scope-link g
end-number-or-lerfu g
word-to-lerfu g
start-emotion g
continue-emotion g
end-emotion g
coincident-with g
b g
during g
when? g
actually-is g
I-define g
by-authority-of g
continuative g
in-front-of g
has-been g
currently-is g
is-now g
intense-emotion g
during-and-after g
is-going-to g
lacked-by g
in-a-set-with g
font-shift g
afterthought-termset g
percent g
in-a-sequence-with g
lambda g
pro-bridi-assign g
in-system g
infinity g
infinite-times g
emotionally-felt-by g
on-the-scale g
is-a-trio g
is-third-among g
thrice g
tanru-inversion g
initiative g
unspecif-bridi g
achievative g
partings g
cessative g
greetings g
greetings-in-passing g
verb-separator g
absolute-value g
modal-? g
neutral-emotion g
probability-verb g
as-said-by g
c g
all-except g
is-penultimate-among g
is-antepenultimate g
eventual-utterance g
supposing g
in-fact g
cancel-pro-assigns g
earlier-utterance g
empathy g
hex-digit-A g
pausative g
soon-utterance g
dated g
logarithm g
recent-utterance g
this-utterance g
pause-symbol g
resumptitive g
next-utterance g
regularly g
irregularly g
at-the-locus-of g
last-utterance g
you g
generously g
parsimoniously g
unspecif-modal g
unspecif-utterance g
you-and-others g
end-vocative g
vocative-marker g
O-You! g
same-identity-as g
east-of g
too-many g
is-too-many g
too-many-times g
as-much-as g
according-to g
bridi-abstract g
d g
phrase-and g
permission g
prohibition g
competence g
incompetence g
constraint g
independence g
challenge g
request g
negative-request g
suggestion g
abandon-suggestion g
warning g
e g
obligation g
freedom g
phrase-but-not g
towards-point g
reverse-of g
reciprocal-of g
end-of-text g
and-respectively g
extra-phrase-place g
in-the-event-of g
nth-root-of g
space-aspects g
beyond g
throughout g
on-this-edge-of g
at-the-point-of g
at-the-far-end-of g
nowhere g
up-to-the-edge-of g
everywhere g
continuing-too-far g
divided-by g
over-and-out g
end-modal-verb g
hex-digit-B g
phrase-place-? g
created-by g
hospitality g
inhospitality g
verb-to-modal g
fraction-slash g
end-composite-lerfu g
reverse-Polish g
indicator-scope g
easy g
difficult g
end-indicator-scope g
unspecif-operator g
f g
fore-or g
to-observer g
upper-case-shift g
hauteur g
equal-rank g
meekness g
inclusive-interval g
above g
hex-digit-C g
fore-only-if g
with-active-agent g
fore-and g
null-operator g
unspecif-emotion g
fore-conn-? g
Greek-shift g
end-relative-phrase g
exponential-notation g
connective-medial g
bridi-or g
bridi-and g
bridi-but-not g
bridi-conn-? g
bridi-iff g
bridi-xor g
bridi-whether g
fore-iff g
recent-bridi g
penultimate-bridi g
last-bridi g
true-for-me-too g
future-bridi g
earlier-bridi g
pro-phrase-assign g
fore-xor g
fore-whether g
fore-tanru-or g
fore-tanru-only-if g
fore-tanru-and g
fore-tanru-conn-? g
fore-tanru-iff g
fore-tanru-xor g
fore-tanru-whether g
g g
sentence-link g
acceptance g
blame g
approval g
non-approval g
disapproval g
togetherness g
privacy g
appreciation g
envy g
familiarity g
mystery g
belief g
skepticism g
disbelief g
i g
agreement g
disagreement g
fear g
security g
sentence-or g
sentence-if g
sentence-and g
sentence-conn-? g
sentence-but-not g
sentence-iff g
sentence-xor g
sentence-whether g
sentence-only-if g
respect g
disrespect g
love g
no-love-lost g
hatred g
tanru-or g
bridi-affirmer g
therefore-result g
nevertheless-result g
by-rule g
I-conclude g
modal-conversion g
time-conversion g
agent-conversion g
location-conversion g
hex-digit-D g
tanru-and g
scalar-affirmer g
roger g
negative-acknowledge g
tanru-conn-? g
Hebrew-shift g
truth g
falsity g
truth-abstract g
tanru-but-not g
phrase-conn-? g
in-addition g
up-to-limit g
approximately g
rounded-up g
rounded-down g
under-direction-of g
based-on g
tanru-iff g
metalinguistic-yes g
union g
array g
Arabic-shift g
in-common-with g
in-a-mass-with g
& g
tanru-xor g
tanru-whether g
I-state g
vague-connective g
attention g
at-ease g
ignore-me g
certainty g
quite-certain g
uncertainty g
impossibility g
how-certain? g
number-base g
j g
property-abstract g
gone-to-by g
innately-capable-of g
represented-by g
imaginary-i g
I-know-culturally g
characterizing g
indirect-question g
start-grouping g
relativized-it g
end-grouping g
exclusive-interval g
please-repeat g
repeating g
continuing g
end-abstraction g
tense-default g
textual-confusion g
understanding g
thanks g
no-thanks-to-you g
as-a-relation-of g
number-comma g
because-of-reason g
with-what-reason? g
despite-reason g
imperative g
bounded-by g
end-phrase g
intersection g
end-mex-forethought g
however g
end-relative-clause g
in-culture g
k g
that-named g
probability g
improbability g
the-referent-of g
last-utterance-it g
the-set-of-named g
the-non-Lojban-named g
quantifying g
in-what-quantity? g
the-mass-of-named g
punctuation-mark g
the-described g
the-time-of g
the-agent-in g
the-location-of g
in-category g
the-stereotypical g
the-set-described g
aggressive g
passive g
defensive g
end-error-quote g
your-described-as g
the-mass-described g
my-described-as g
that-one's g
this-one's g
the-yonder-one's g
that-there g
this-here g
that-yonder g
the-number g
clearly g
obscurely g
preceded-by g
experience-abstract g
omitted-text g
end-quote g
the-really-is g
Lojban-shift g
the-typical g
the-set-really-is g
end-mex-phrase g
error-quote g
the-mass-really-is g
quote g
the-individuals-of g
the-symbol-for g
the-set-composed-of g
the-mass-composed-of g
end-phrase-qualifiers g
l g
phrase-? g
we-with-you g
material-object g
in-reference-frame g
operand-to-operator g
positive-number g
sentence-ordinal g
exceeded-by g
phrase-to-verb g
undercut-by g
with-name g
with-what-name? g
less-than g
the-mex g
end-phrase-to-verb g
cardinal-verb g
me g
we,-not-you g
self-introduction g
no,-I-am-not g
center-range g
me-and-you g
ditto g
bridi-? g
too-few g
too-few-times g
phrase-to-operand g
space-motion g
northwardly g
moving-to-coincide g
forward g
eastwardly g
arriving-at g
upwardly g
approximating g
into g
southwardly g
downwardly g
passing-through g
along g
rightwardly g
orbiting g
moving-the-border g
rearwardsly g
moving-away-from g
westwardly g
outwardsly g
passing-by g
approaching g
leftwardsly g
section-ordinal g
completive g
ordinal-verb g
for-example g
omitting-examples g
concluding-examples g
point-event-abstract g
because-of-motive g
with-what-motive? g
despite-motive g
over g
more-to-come g
exemplified-by g
is-a-quintet g
is-fifth-among g
m g
bridi-negator g
cancel-shifts g
scalar-contrary g
not-towards-point g
has-never g
metalinguistic-not g
typically g
atypically g
verb-to-operator g
phrase-only-if g
bridi-only-if g
deny-last-bridi g
negate-last-word g
tanru-only-if g
reference-point g
incidental-phrase g
next-to g
within g
factorial g
south-of g
current-bridi g
amount-abstract g
below g
verb-to-operand g
because-of-logic g
by-what-logic? g
despite-logic g
new-topic g
negative-number g
next-outer-bridi g
scalar-midpoint-not g
old-topic g
typical-value g
incidental-identity g
nothing-at-all g
incidental-clause g
never g
event-abstract g
operator-to-verb g
promise g
release-from-promise g
non-promise g
start-fore-termset g
can-but-has-not g
end-fore-termset g
n g
phrase-iff g
pride g
modesty g
shame g
closeness g
distance g
caution g
rashness g
patience g
mere-tolerance g
anger g
relaxation g
composure g
stress g
o g
complaint g
pleasure g
spiritual-complaint g
embarrassment g
puzzlement g
anxiety g
physical-pain g
sexual-complaint g
phrase-xor g
in-addition-to g
each-respectively g
justice g
prejudice g
ratio g
transfixing g
having-component g
pi g
firstly g
is-singular g
is-first-among g
is-a-decade g
is-tenth-among g
is-a-century g
is-a-dozen g
once g
question-follows g
rhetorical-question g
restrictive-phrase g
figurative g
termset-conn-mark g
I-opine g
fore-mex-operator g
please g
emotion-? g
decimal-point g
matrix-of-rows g
digit-separator g
times g
used-by g
cross-product g
too-much-of g
approximately-all-of g
too-little-of g
has-even-odds g
is-a-fifth-portion g
all-of g
is-the-whole-of g
almost-all-of g
much-of g
much-of-the-time g
a-little-of g
rarely g
at-least-some-of g
is-specific-to g
which-belongs-to g
in-the-sequence g
uniquely g
restrictive-identity g
restrictive-clause g
before g
pleased-by g
by-process g
can-and-has g
anticipative g
process-abstract g
was-going-to g
actually-was g
was-then g
before-and-after g
before-and-during g
had-earlier-been g
a-medium-time-before g
for-a-period-in-past g
for-a-moment-in-past g
for-an-era-in-past g
a-short-time-before g
a-long-time-before g
p g
recent-phrase g
pertained-to-by g
repeating-decimal g
from-source g
pro-assign-update g
chiefly g
equally g
incidentally g
with-superlative g
enough g
are-enough g
is-enoughth-among g
transpose g
spiritual g
sacrilege g
ready-to-receive g
not-ready-to-receive g
adjacent-to g
ordinal-tense g
hex-digit-E g
secondly g
is-a-pair g
is-second-among g
is-a-score g
twice g
last-phrase g
because-of-cause g
with-what-cause? g
despite-cause g
release-of-emotion g
restraint-of-emotion g
experienced-by g
integral g
on-the-right-of g
each g
social g
antisocial g
mental g
mindless g
emotional g
denying-emotion g
physical g
denying-physical g
sexual g
sexual-abstinence g
everything g
quantified-tense g
lastly g
is-last-among g
always g
earlier-phrase g
I-postulate g
weak-emotion g
continuously g
occasionally g
Cyrillic-shift g
surrounding g
r g
erase-utterance g
editorial-insertion g
precisely-speaking g
loosely-speaking g
matrix-of-columns g
derivative g
simply-speaking g
elaborating g
strong-emotion g
requiring g
self-sufficiency g
dependency g
character-code g
self-oriented g
other-oriented g
I-know-internally g
end-discursive g
instead-of g
compelling g
in-language-of g
transmitting g
with-authority-over g
without g
with-system-function g
emoting g
on-scale-measuring g
expressing g
on-the-same-date-as g
at-specific-locus g
equal-to g
knowing-facts g
sentence-abstract g
in-reversal-of g
creating-work g
observing g
as-agent-in-doing g
discursive-bridi g
results-because g
results-despite g
by-rule-prescribing g
as-a-limit-of g
controlling-aspects g
supporting g
with-destination g
on-behalf-of g
with-property g
which-kind? g
related-to g
reason-therefore g
reason-nevertheless g
as-boundary-of g
in-culture-of g
in-quantity g
as-a-category-of g
preceding g
made-of-material g
as-a-standard-for g
more-than g
not-more-than g
less-than g
not-less-than g
as-a-name-for g
motive-therefore g
motive-nevertheless g
example-of-property g
entails-therefore g
entails-nevertheless g
similar-to g
as-a-part-of g
using-tool g
sequenced-by-rules g
in-order-to-please g
processing-from g
concerning g
as-an-origin-of g
superlative-in g
causal-therefore g
causal-nevertheless g
experiencing g
necessary-for g
assisting g
as-a-method-for g
as-a-form-of g
suggesting g
at-the-same-time-as g
as-a-location-of g
as-conditions-for g
with-beneficiary g
approving g
goalfully-acting-at g
erase-word g
similarly g
portion-verb g
sigma-summation g
concept-abstract g
aided-by g
close-comma g
almost-all g
most g
usually g
many g
is-a-bunch g
many-times g
several g
few g
a-few-times g
reciprocal-phrase g
is-ninth-among g
erase-discourse g
I-generalize g
I-particularize g
at-most g
plus g
at-least g
is-plural g
is-at-least-second g
unspecif-abstract g
s g
that-there g
interruption g
habitually g
non-habitually g
by-method g
by-what-method? g
by-the-way g
return-to-main-point g
making-a-tanru g
expanding-the-tanru g
in-form g
shift-next-lerfu g
to-the-power g
bordering g
exponential-e g
end-mex-converters g
expressing g
sent-to g
basis-for-authority g
of-system-components g
emoting-about g
as-told-to g
on-date-at-location g
at-locus-within-range g
equal-in-property g
knowing-about g
created-for-purpose g
observed-by-means g
composite-lerfu g
by-rule-within g
limited-in-property g
controlling-event g
with-origin g
representing-in g
with-relation g
bordering g
measured-on-scale g
defined-by-quality g
ordered-in-sequence g
in-material-form g
rules-of-standard g
more-in-property g
less-in-property g
as-a-name-used-by g
motive-of-person g
example-out-oof-set g
under-logic-system g
contrasting-property g
usage-for-purpose g
ordering-items g
pleasing-conditions g
processing-into g
at-extreme g
causal-conditions g
necessarily-under g
assisting-in g
method-conditions g
sharing-ideal-form g
suggested-to g
time-on-day g
goodness-standard g
with-goal g
this-here g
behind g
I-hear g
suggested-by g
mex-precedence g
associated-with-time g
start-parenthesis g
lower-case-shift g
polar-opposite g
editorial-unquote g
away-from-point g
in-brief g
in-detail g
end-parenthesis g
that-yonder g
the-bridi-implied-by g
start-text-scope g
associated-with-site g
null-operand g
end-text-scope g
t g
phrase-whether g
gain g
loss g
wonder g
commonplace g
amusement g
weariness g
courage g
timidity g
cowardice g
repentance g
lack-of-regret g
innocence g
discovery g
confusion g
u g
surprise g
not-very-surprised g
expectation g
surprised? g
happiness g
happy-face g
unhappiness g
completion g
incompleteness g
pity g
cruelty g
there-at g
additive-inverse g
scalar-verb g
in-other-words g
in-the-same-words g
under-conditions g
benefiting-from g
hex-digit-F g
end-simple-bridi g
small-space-interval g
whole-space-interval g
tiny-space-interval g
right-bracket g
big-space-interval g
transmit-origin g
with-synergy-in g
expressed-in-medium g
on-date-by-calendar g
under-epistemology g
created-from g
observed-under g
left-bracket g
via-route g
more-by-amount g
less-by-amount g
similar-by-standard g
passing-thru-stages g
superlative-among g
similar-in-property g
time-at-location g
here-at g
where? g
wilco g
descriptive-clause g
is-fourth-among g
yonder-at g
west-of g
virtue g
sin g
the-sequence-of g
long-scope-relative g
minus g
v g
is-sixth-among g
transmitted-via g
by-transport-mode g
subscript g
number-? g
true-false-? g
x g
hesitation g
' g
y g
medium-time g
I-observe g
nonce-word-next g
state-abstract g
superfective g
greater-than g
select-alphabet g
approved-by g
medium-time-interval g
for-a-while-after g
for-a-while-during g
for-a-while-before g
whole-time-interval g
short-time-interval g
outward g
long-time-interval g
compound-glue g
is-seventh-among g
short-time g
relative-clause-joiner g
nonexistent-it g
tangential-to g
unspecif-it g
inward g
humorously g
smiley-face g
dully g
seriously g
end-prenex g
non-Lojban-quote g
long-time g
on-the-left-of g
with-actor g
typical-it g
activity-abstract g
on-the-one-hand g
on-the-other-hand g
z g
