infinitive g 2
nominative-case g 2 ja が 
accusative-case g 2 ja を 
dative-case g 2 en of
topic-case g 2 ja は 
instrumental-case g 2
adpositional-case g 2
location-case g 2 en at
source-case g 2 en from
space-context g 2
destination-case g 2
way-case g 2
realis-mood g 2
irrealis-mood g 2
interior-context g 2 en in
surface-context g 2 en on
under-context g 2 en under
state-context g 2 
social-context g 2
discourse-context g 2 
space-context g 2
time-context g 2
person-context g 2
question-word g 3
genitive-case g 2
ablative-case g 3
locative-case g 3
posessive-case g 3
possessed-case g 3
vocative-case g 2
perfective-aspect g 2
imperfective-aspect g 2
inchoative-aspect g 2
cessative-aspect g 2
gnomic-aspect g 2
habitual-aspect g 2
momentane-aspect g 3
continuous-aspect g 3
completive-aspect g 3
progressive-aspect g 3
delimitative-aspect g 3
retrospective-aspect g 3
prospective-aspect g 3
past-tense g 2
present-tense g 2
future-tense g 2
soon-future-tense g 3
remote-future-tense g 3
remote-past-tense g 3
recent-past-tense g 3
deontic-mood g 2
epistemic-mood g 2
conditional-mood g 2
eventive-mood g 
permissive-mood g 3
commissive-mood g 2
prhobitive-mood g 3
directive-mood g 2
imperative-mood g 3
hortative-mood g 3
precative-mood g 3
jussive-mood g 3
volitive-mood g 2
desiderative-mood g 3
optative-mood g 3
benedictive-mood g 3
imprecative-mood g 3
interrogative-mood g 2
speculative-mood g 2
assumptive-mood g 3
dubitative-mood g 3
potential-mood g 3
atelic-aspect g 3
telic-aspect g 3
inferential-mood g 2
inductive-mood g 3
deductive-mood g 3
relativizer g 3
evidential-case g 3
plural-number g 2
singular-number g 2
dual-number g 3
trial-number g 3
paucal-number g 3
multal-number g 3
collective-noun g 3
distributive-pronoun g 3
inclusive g  3
exclusive g 3
number g 2
length g
mass g
time g
name g 2
electric-current g
temperature g
amount-of-substance g
luminous-intensity g
assertive-quantifier g
elective-quantifier g
universal-quantifier g
negatory-quantifier g
alternative-quantifier g
conjunction g
and-or g 
exclusive-or g 
definite-article g
abstract-gender g
vegetal-gender g
mineral-gender g
zoic-gender g
rational-gender g
artistic-gender g
research-gender g
vehicle-gender g
locality-gender g
planetary-gender g
star-gender g
galaxy-gender g
universe-gender g
neuter-gender g 
masculine-gender g 2
feminine-gender g 2
anthropic-gender g
diminutive g
augmentative g
inanimate-gender g 3
animate-gender g 3
topic-case g 2
it g 2
and g 2
you g 2
not g 2
here g 3
there g 3
more g 3
elative-case g 3
illative-case g 3
copula g 3
person g 3
other g 3
very g 3
temporal-case g 3
only g 3
then g 3
comitative-case g 3
causal-case g 3
alienable-possession g 3
inalienable-possession g 3
semelfactive-aspect g 3
delative-case g 3
prolative-case g 3
its g 3
neo g 


first-person g
second-person g
third-person g
agent g
abessive-case g
ablative-case g 3
absolutive-case g
accusative-case g
accompanier g
actor-role g
adjective g
adessive-case g
admonitive-mood g
adverbial-case g
affirmative-mood g
agentive-case g
agreement g
allative-case g
allocutive-agreement g
alienable-possession g
animate-gender g
andative g
antessive-case g
anticausative g
antipassive-voice g 3
aorist g
apposition g
applicative-voice g 3
apprehensive-mood g
approximative g
article g
aspect g
associative-case g
agent-trigger g
attenuative g
auditory-evidential g 3
augmentative g
auxiliary-verb g
core-benefactive g
benefactive-case g 3
common-gender g
modal-case g
causative g
centric-case g
counterfactual-conditional g
circumfix g
citation-form g
classifier g
conjunction g
consequential g
collective-noun g
comitative-case g 3
comparative g
completive-aspect g
concessive g
conditional-mood g
conjunction g
connective-particle g
continuous-aspect g
contrastive g
copula g
coreference g
crastinal-tense g
current-relevance-marker g
converb g
dative-case g
different-event g
change-of-event g
declarative-mood g
definite g
deixis g
delayed-imperative g
delative-case g
deliberative-mood g
demonstrative g
deontic-mood g
dependent g
desiderative-mood g
determiner g
detransitive g
motion-downhill g 3
diminutive g
direct-evidential g 3
disjunction g
distal-demonstrative g
distributive-case g
ditransitive g
delimited g
discourse-marker g
direct-object g
motion-downriver g 3
different-subject g
dual-number g
dubitative-mood g
delimitative-aspect g
dyadic g
epenthetic-morpheme g
elative-case g
emphatic g
epistemic-mood g
ergative-case g
essive-case g 3
evidential g 3
evitative-case g
exclusive-person g
exclamative g
excessive-duration g
exessive-case g
exhortative g
existential-clause g
exocentric-case g
experiential g
expletive g
feminine-gender g
factive-evidential g 3
familiar-register g
finite-verb g
focus g
formal-register g
final-particle g
frequentative-aspect g
former-deceased g
future-tense g
genitive-case g
gerund g
gnomic-mood g
goal-trigger g
habitual-aspect g
humble-register g
hesternal-tense g
historic-tense g
hodiernal-tense g
honorific g
hortative g
reported-evidential g 3
anthropic-gender g
hypothetical-mood g
inflected g
identical g
identifiable g
ideophone g
ignorative g
illative-case g
immediate g
imperative-mood g
imperfect g
imprecative-mood g
impersonal-verb g
inclusive-person g
inalienable-possession g
inanimate-gender g
inchoative-aspect g
indicative-mood g
indefinite g
inessive-case g
infinitive g
inferential-evidential g 3
inelative-case g
instrumental-case g 3
intensifier g
intentional g
intransitive g
inverse g
indirect-object g
imperfective-aspect g
irrealis-mood g
indirect-speech g
jussive-mood g
lative-case g
second-language g
locative-directional-case g
linker g
locative-case g
logophoric g
masculine-gender g
manner g
middle-voice g 3 
mimetic g
mirative g
multiplicative-case g
single-action-verb g 3
movement g
neuter-gender g
negation g
non-human g
nominalization g
nominative-case g
oblique-case g
intransitive g
numeral g
patient-case g
objective-case g
oblique-case g
obviative g
optative-mood g
prehodiernal g
participle g
passive-voice g 3
patientive g
paucal-number g
pegative-case g
perlative-case g
retrospective-aspect g
personal g
perfective-aspect g
plural-number g
pluractional g
phrase-marker g
pronoun-marker g
primary-object g
polite-register g
possessive-marker g
postpositional-case g
postessive-case g
potential-mood g
passive-participle g
past-passive-participle g
past-perfective g
proper-noun g
predicative g
precative-mood g
prepositional-case g
present-participle g
preterite g
present-tense g
probability g
progressive-aspect g
prohibitive-mood g
prolative-case g
propositive-mood g
prosecutive-case g
prospective-aspect g
protasis g
proximal g
past-tense g
patient-trigger g
particle g
participle g
partitive-case g
purposive g
question-word g
quotative-case g
rational-gender g
realis-mood g
recent-past-tense g
soon-future-tense g
reciprocal-voice g 3
referential g
reflexive-voice g 3
remote-past-tense g
remote-future-tense g
reported-evidential g 3
resultative g
retrospective g
referential g
subject-case g
subjunctive-mood g
same-event-marker g
sensory-evidential-mood g 2
sequential g
singular-number g
singulative-number g
speculative-mood g
same-subject-marker g
subessive-case g
sublative-case g
successive-clause g
superlative-degree g
superlative-case g
superessive-case g
agent-trigger g
patient-trigger g
telic-aspect g
temporal-case g
terminative-case g
tense g
topic-case g
transitive-verb g
translative g
trans-numeral g
motion-uphill g 3
motion-upriver g 3
usitative g
verbal g
verbalizer g
ditransitive g
venitive g
veridical g 3
vialis-case g
visible-evidential g 3
verbal-noun g
vocative-case g
volitive-mood g
transitive g
zoic-gender g
to-case g
from-case g
at-case g
space-marker g
state-marker g
social-marker g
evidential-case g
amount-marker g
destination-case g
initiative-case g
interrogative-mood g
complementizer g
cessative-aspect g
vegetal-gender g
commissive-mood g
necessitative-mood g
eventive-mood g
permissive-mood g
assumptive-mood g
deductive-mood g
atelic-aspect g
continutive-aspect g
momentane-aspect g
semelfactive-aspect g
causal-case g
mineral-gender g
abstract-gender g
benedictive-mood g
pro-phrase g
pro-sentence g
dependent-clause g 2


affection g
anger g
angst g
anguish g
misery g
annoyance g
anxiety g
apathy g
arousal g
awe g
boredom g
confidence g
believe g
faithful g
contempt g
contentment g
courage g
curiosity g
depression g
desire g
despair g
ambition g
anticlimax g
disappointment g
phobia g
hate g
disgust g
distrust g
doubt g
dread g
frightened g
ecstasy g
clever g
wise g
embarrassment g
envy g
euphoria g
excitement g
fear g
frustration g
gratitude g
thank g
grief g
pain g
guilt g
guilty g
blame g
happiness g
happy g
hatred g
hope g
horror g
hostility g
hostile g
hurt g
wounded g
hysteria g
injury g
indifference g
interest g
jealousy g
jealous g
joy g
loathing g
loneliness g
lonely g
love g
lust g
outrage g
panic g
passion g
pity g
pleasure g
pride g
empathetic-joy g
rage g
regret g
sorry g
remorse g
sad g
sadness g
satisfaction g
satisfied g
schadenfreude g
self-confidence g
shame g
shock g
shyness g
sorrow g
suffering g
torture g
trouble g
surprise g
surprised g
strange g
trust g
loyalty g
wonder g
worry g
preoccupation g
zeal g
zest g
mudita g
enthusiasm g
diligence g
anxious g
forgiveness g
forgive g
patience g
equanimity g
effort g
change g
adaptation g
dissatisfaction g
generous g
charm g
virtue g
proper g
determined g
epiphany g
grace g
friendship g
oppress g
ignorant g
compassion g
hubris g
humble g
honour g
accomplished g
success g
belongingness g


be g
object g
subject g
me g
what g
masculine 
and g
as g
if g
this g
ya g
you g
of g
that g
did g
we g
or g
by g
in g
numeral g
now g
them g
the g
from g
it g
to g
thee g
li g
hey g
plural g
feminine 
about g
will-be g
eh? g
neuter g
many g
maybe g
with g
near g
aside g
because g
that-which g
extreme g
unquote g
than g
exclusive-or g
but g
clause-tail g
fraction g
then g
there g
verb-affix g
on g
yaor g
before g
former g
for-example g
binary-value g
also g
should g
namely g
not g
an g
very g
singular g
so g
while g
otherwise g
else-if g
hello g
quote g
after g
him g
outside-of g
dual g
yes g
until g
except g
ord g
for g
floating-point-number g
at g
here g
few g
her g
else g
byebye g
in-language g
make
memory
past
less
middle
machine
faith
index
mass
mother
mix
month
male
help
full
compare
go
capable
main
high
each
come
head
know
cause
get
all
cathode
trade
grow
buy
red
food
goal
small
negate
write
wait
some
read
width
limb
good
year
subtract
use
whole
multiply
white
piss
arm
body
more
place
meet
pass
father
joy
path
bad
child
poop
sell
blue
empty
week
winn
level
tail
light
big
name
yet
need
without
net
energy
number
exhale
present
sibling
night
bare
new
anode
null
similar
height
sip
set
easy
same
agree
say
simple
black
self
sound
space
suck
lose
pay
own
size
team
hold
day
start
wall
see
inhale
low
topic
add
put
touch
via g
give
choose
tie
below
temperature
drink
repeat
depth
down
result
tool
difficult
toy
charge
inside
live
glyph
left
end
love
female
fit
family
happen
above
future
hear
move
green
sign
life
must
divide
home
thing
right
chance
hit
shape
show
dream
remember
ally
soft
math
value
venture
employ
importe
moral
oppose
average
member
wet
substance
resist
game
cloth
general
credit
circle
spiral
corporation
carry
to-close
hard
emergency
group
fun
rule
excuse
gravity
village
unit-of-mass
strong
call
expect
expert
access
context
exit
crystal
compete
dark
tell
rope
advise
exact
explain
accident
exercise
communicate
strange
brief
contract
collect
school
dry
fall
science
clear
electron
key
labour
cry
clap
laugh
colony
class
clause
claim
language
column
global
hunger
closet
exclude
crime
config
effect
confirm
fraction
adjective
ear
cup
conference
describe
chemical
agent
skill
estimate
cure
occupy
hunt
cost
eight
cupboard
escape
commission
conjugate
mess
shell
enough
break
experience
predict
four
appeal
verb
peace
program
practice
couple
spread
fast
bring
parallel
perform
wonder
pronoun
publish
bird
process
proton
boil
proof
project
believe
variable
away
pipe
answer
presence
approve
reverse
discrimination
pressure
spin
speed
spell
praise
page
prepare
spit
expand
surface
sail
reply
prize
protest
source
promise
breast
expression
plane
particle
plasma
apply
play
plan
planet
problem
plug
popular
probably
dust
profession
behave
fin
period
prefer
parent
bury
fail
plenty
open
bus
money
business
appreciate
special
schedule
exchange
paw
spend
jump
hope
person
pants
bridge
eyebrow
mirror
reference
unit
rise
enter
nails
invite
ionize
neutron
roll
equivalent
seven
sick
clean
serve
send
cell
reserve
research
stay
awake
order
cyan
solid
strict
rub
universe
support
switch
soul
conscious
water
equal
persuade
question
sleep
example
single
secular
always
ceiling
to-split
word
stairs
sublimate
listen
side
wrong
alone
follow
tremble
decay
again
three
address
cold
translate
direction
atom
shout
try
idea
string
throw
justice
deliver
attend
transition
object
robot
other
case
different
teach
true
door
welcome
doorway
two
together
tax
story
step
satellite
instruction
deserve
trial
purpose
attack
star
respect
state
taste
increase
study
retail-store
sit
stop
noun
adult
electricity
ordinal g
desire
pleasure
belong
rectangle
fold
treatment
tradition
dish
only
triple-point
temporary
traffic
individual
difference
define
dirt
transfer
disaster
file
friend
phone
damage
dimension
check
change
chain
jail
chew
speak
attitude
transparent
tree
chat
join
trick
attention
drop
outside
power
title
immediate
official
front
pleasant
fame
adverb
celebrate
phrase
interpret
reform
warn
fruit
kind
force
variety
five
phase
metalloid
influence
flute
fly
flood
flat
flower
floor
please
float
flow
share
news
learn
across
teeth
obvious
hinge
branch
include
character
danger
shelf
reveal
room
condition
receive
evening
vagina
swallow
care
relation
ankle
origin
hall
sentence
knee
supercritical-fluid
minor
aware
death
mind
between
minute
suspect
measure
military
melt
wash
method
mention
mark
map
harmony
border
land
image
brain
magenta
mask
bother
matter
advertisement
reward
metal
oil
regret
admit
imagine
major
improve
fool
emote
die
mouth
possible
mood
music
wrist
most
modulo
die
important
committee
pattern
paper
one
convert
exponent
replace
forgive
exceed
camp
amount
gather
edge
flow-current
grammatical-case
card
cover
hang
gas
bed
connect
constant
catch
create
cable
galaxy
complain
accept
active
hot
complex
command
common
copy
critical-point
code
shut
collapse
record
claw
cruel
culture
spoon
recover
coat
skin
knife
rhythm
revolt
ring
return
today
risk
export
yesterday
yellow
age
Eulers-number
already
wealthy
worth
reject
admire
ride
rock
ordinary
rent
ask
work
gratis
vehicle
early
travel
react
row
ration
public
mercy
train
container
east
robb
rest
role
utility
useful
root
relate
possess
experiment
opine
pi
depend
operate
penis
permit
ticket
pest
prompt
permanent
port
ban
base
bite
price
trap
plant
bag
produce
back
explode
politics
box
part
belly
stumble
grammatical-object
bottom
cross
report
pour
provide
leg
point
load
mail
polygon
kiss
bottle
eyelid
wind
invest
face
wire
bowl
robe
wave
volume
vote
elbow
rib
responsible
old
nonmetal
nearby
avoid
nth-root
nose
network
ingredient
principle
nice
nuclear
intelligence
nine
naked
native
appoint
normal
deny
organize
rare
nation
interest
transport
install
contact
nature
window
artificial
examine
interfere
economy
note
announce
noise
north
anus
forget
notice
neck
noble
zero
birth
hostile
never
one-second
seed
system
summary
secret
precise
seem
suggest
series
situation
decrease
appear
feel
six
settle
civilian
lack
position
shift
sex
sad
eye
hour
stretch
wise
supply
save
speed-of-light
sacrifice
investigate
often
extend
art
kill
surplus
salt
health
social
safety
twilight
punish
shoot
success
morning
subject
suffer
absorb
structure
correct
trunk
suppose
south
soldier
solution
spine
sacred
socket
spouse
grammar
late
ten
type
continue
distance
drive
delay
develop
theater
think
tense
text
represent
label
technology
activity
debt
almost
look
debate
time
attach
top
area
stand
offer
degree
authority
sudden
tape
task
arrest
talk
table
pretend
hide
entitle
defend
thank
discuss
vomit
temple
world
doctor
prototype
turn
thief
destroy
duration
duty
tone
triangle
adapt
progress
gut
total
pain
aim
dictionary
perfect
limit
liquid
library
line
liberty
leader
legal
gift
link
length
lend
vacation
least
release
lecture
leaf
elect
law
local
lake
eleven
literature
lazy
tongue
slow
offend
fight
list
benefit
logarithm
melody
lute
logic
loop
people
lock
firm
prevent
version
evidence
finger
find
affix
familiar
farm
factory
fact
event
extra
visit
false
default
fire
sufficient
tomorrow
form
poor
offence
function
trust
focus
skirt
hotel
hair
imaginary-unit
sure
region
hamlet
wish
genital
sharp
particular
history
cheek
resolve
stillness
shirt
judge
shame
survive
award
jaw
animal
sign
habit
hand
station
heart
victim
enemy
rumour
burn
hip
river
house
city
song
shade
sew
town
shoes
exist
smell
shoulder
may g
computer-programming
initialism g
acronym g
thou g
president
secretary
treasurer
facilitator
moderator
cogent
si-units
virtual
virtual-machine
pixel
kernel
lambda
alpha
beta
theta
gamma
sigma
component
sync
synchronize
subconscious
conscious
tranquil
ergative-case g 2
us g 3
resonance
vibration
refine
nibble
whitespace
consonant
phoneme
vowel
morpheme
syntax
cache
align
parse
token
restart
reboot
recurse
manually


ant
ash
bird
bitter
black
blood
blow
bone
breast
burn
carry
child
come
crush
cry
do
dog
drink
ear
eat
egg
eye
fall
far
fire
fish
flesh
fly
give
go
good
hair
hard
he
hear
heavy
hide
hit
horn
house
I
in
knee
know
laugh
leaf
leg
liver
long
louse
mouth
name
navel
neck
new
night
nose
not
old
one
rain
red
root
rope
run
salt
sand
say
see
shade
skin
small
smoke
soil
stand
star
stone
suck
sweet
tail
take
thick
thigh
this
tie
tongue
tooth
water
what
who
wide
wind
wing
wood
yesterday
you


a
an
able
about
above
abuse
accept
accident
accuse
across
act
activist
actor
add
administration
admit
adult
advertise
advise
affect
afraid
after
again
against
age
agency
aggression
ago
agree
agriculture
aid
aim
air
air force
airplane
airport
album
alcohol
alive
all
ally
almost
alone
along
already
also
although
always
ambassador
amend
ammunition
among
amount
anarchy
ancestor
ancient
and
anger
animal
anniversary
announce
another
answer
any
apologize
appeal
appear
appoint
approve
archeology
area
argue
arms
army
around
arrest
arrive
art
artillery
as
ash
ask
assist
astronaut
astronomy
asylum
at
atmosphere
attach
attack
attempt
attend
attention
automobile
autumn
available
average
avoid
awake
award
away
baby
back
bad
balance
ball
balloon
ballot
ban
bank
bar
barrier
base
battle
be
beat
beauty
because
become
bed
before
begin
behavior
behind
believe
belong
below
best
betray
better
between
big
bill
biology
bird
bite
black
blame
bleed
blind
block
blood
blow
blue
boat
body
boil
bomb
bone
book
border
born
borrow
both
bottle
bottom
box
boy
boycott
brain
brave
bread
break
breathe
bridge
brief
bright
bring
broadcast
brother
brown
budget
build
building
bullet
burn
burst
bury
bus
business
busy
but
buy
by
cabinet
call
calm
camera
camp
campaign
can
cancel
cancer
candidate
capital
capture
car
care
career
careful
carry
case
cat
catch
cause
ceasefire
celebrate
center
century
ceremony
chairperson
champion
chance
change
charge
chase
cheat
cheer
chemicals
chemistry
chief
child
children
choose
circle
citizen
city
civilian
civil rights
claim
clash
class
clean
clear
clergy
climate
climb
clock
close
cloth
clothes
cloud
coal
coalition
coast
coffee
cold
collapse
collect
college
colony
color
combine
come
command
comment
committee
common
communicate
community
company
compare
compete
complete
complex
compromise
computer
concern
condemn
condition
conference
confirm
conflict
congratulate
Congress
connect
conservative
consider
constitution
contact
contain
container
continent
continue
control
convention
cook
cool
cooperate
copy
corn
correct
corruption
cost
cotton
count
country
court
cover
cow
crash
create
creature
credit
crew
crime
criminal
crisis
criticize
crops
cross
crowd
crush
cry
culture
cure
curfew
current
custom
customs
cut
dam
damage
dance
danger
dark
date
daughter
day
dead
deaf
deal
debate
debt
decide
declare
decrease
deep
defeat
defend
deficit
define
degree
delay
delegate
demand
democracy
demonstrate
denounce
deny
depend
deplore
deploy
depression
describe
desert
design
desire
destroy
detail
detain
develop
device
dictator
die
diet
different
difficult
dig
dinner
diplomat
direct
direction
dirt
disappear
disarm
disaster
discover
discrimination
discuss
disease
dismiss
dispute
dissident
distance
dive
divide
do
doctor
document
dog
dollar
donate
door
double
down
dream
drink
drive
drop
drown
drug
dry
during
dust
duty
each
early
earn
earth
earthquake
ease
east
easy
eat
ecology
economy
edge
education
effect
effort
egg
either
elect
electricity
embassy
embryo
emergency
emotion
employ
empty
end
enemy
energy
enforce
engine
engineer
enjoy
enough
enter
environment
equal
equipment
escape
especially
establish
estimate
ethnic
evaporate
even
event
ever
every
evidence
evil
exact
examine
example
excellent
except
exchange
excuse
execute
exercise
exile
exist
expand
expect
expel
experience
experiment
expert
explain
explode
explore
export
express
extend
extra
extraordinary
extreme
extremist
face
fact
factory
fail
fair
fall
false
family
famous
fan
far
farm
fast
fat
father
favorite
fear
federal
feed
feel
female
fence
fertile
few
field
fierce
fight
fill
film
final
financial
find
fine
finish
fire
fireworks
firm
first
fish
fit
fix
flag
flat
flee
float
flood
floor
flow
flower
fluid
fly
fog
follow
food
fool
foot
for
force
foreign
forest
forget
forgive
form
former
forward
free
freedom
freeze
fresh
friend
frighten
from
front
fruit
fuel
full
fun
funeral
future
gain
game
gas
gather
general
generation
genocide
gentle
get
gift
girl
give
glass
go
goal
god
gold
good
goods
govern
government
grain
grass
gray
great
green
grind
ground
group
grow
guarantee
guard
guerrilla
guide
guilty
gun
hair
half
halt
hang
happen
happy
hard
harm
harvest
hat
hate
have
he
head
headquarters
heal
health
hear
heat
heavy
helicopter
help
here
hero
hide
high
hijack
hill
history
hit
hold
hole
holiday
holy
home
honest
honor
hope
horrible
horse
hospital
hostage
hostile
hot
hotel
hour
house
how
however
huge
human
humor
hunger
hunt
hurry
hurt
husband
I
ice
idea
identify
if
ignore
illegal
imagine
immediate
immigrant
import
important
improve
in
incident
incite
include
increase
independent
individual
industry
infect
inflation
influence
inform
information
inject
injure
innocent
insane
insect
inspect
instead
instrument
insult
intelligence
intelligent
intense
interest
interfere
international
Internet
intervene
invade
invent
invest
investigate
invite
involve
iron
island
issue
it
jail
jewel
job
join
joint
joke
judge
jump
jury
just
justice
keep
kick
kidnap
kill
kind
kiss
knife
know
knowledge
labor
laboratory
lack
lake
land
language
large
last
late
laugh
launch
law
lead
leak
learn
leave
left
legal
legislature
lend
less
let
letter
level
liberal
lie
life
lift
light
lightning
like
limit
line
link
liquid
list
listen
literature
little
live
load
loan
local
lonely
long
look
lose
loud
love
low
loyal
luck
machine
magazine
mail
main
major
majority
make
male
man
manufacture
many
map
march
mark
market
marry
mass
mate
material
mathematics
matter
may
mayor
meal
mean
measure
meat
media
medicine
meet
melt
member
memorial
memory
mental
message
metal
method
microscope
middle
militant
military
militia
milk
mind
mine
mineral
minister
minor
minority
minute
miss
missile
missing
mistake
mix
mob
model
moderate
modern
money
month
moon
moral
more
morning
most
mother
motion
mountain
mourn
move
movement
movie
much
murder
music
must
mystery
name
narrow
nation
native
natural
nature
navy
near
necessary
need
negotiate
neighbor
neither
neutral
never
new
news
next
nice
night
no
noise
nominate
noon
normal
north
not
note
nothing
now
nowhere
nuclear
number
obey
object
observe
occupy
ocean
of
off
offensive
offer
office
officer
official
often
oil
old
on
once
only
open
operate
opinion
oppose
opposite
oppress
or
orbit
order
organize
other
our
oust
out
over
overthrow
owe
own
pain
paint
paper
parachute
parade
pardon
parent
parliament
part
partner
party
pass
passenger
passport
past
path
patient
pay
peace
people
percent
perfect
perform
period
permanent
permit
person
persuade
physical
physics
picture
piece
pig
pilot
pipe
place
plan
planet
plant
plastic
play
please
plenty
plot
poem
point
poison
police
policy
politics
pollute
poor
popular
population
port
position
possess
possible
postpone
pour
poverty
power
praise
pray
predict
pregnant
present
president
press
pressure
prevent
price
prison
private
prize
probably
problem
process
produce
profession
professor
profit
program
progress
project
promise
propaganda
property
propose
protect
protest
prove
provide
public
publication
publish
pull
pump
punish
purchase
pure
purpose
push
put
quality
question
quick
quiet
race
radar
radiation
radio
raid
railroad
rain
raise
rape
rare
rate
reach
react
read
ready
real
realistic
reason
reasonable
rebel
receive
recent
recession
recognize
record
recover
red
reduce
reform
refugee
refuse
register
regret
reject
relations
release
religion
remain
remains
remember
remove
repair
repeat
report
represent
repress
request
require
rescue
research
resign
resist
resolution
resource
respect
responsible
rest
restaurant
restrain
restrict
result
retire
return
revolt
rice
rich
ride
right
riot
rise
risk
river
road
rob
rock
rocket
roll
room
root
rope
rough
round
rub
rubber
ruin
rule
run
rural
sabotage
sacrifice
sad
safe
sail
sailor
salt
same
sand
satellite
satisfy
save
say
school
science
sea
search
season
seat
second
secret
security
see
seed
seeking
seem
seize
self
sell
Senate
send
sense
sentence
separate
series
serious
serve
service
set
settle
several
severe
sex
shake
shape
share
sharp
she
sheep
shell
shelter
shine
ship
shock
shoe
shoot
short
should
shout
show
shrink
sick
sickness
side
sign
signal
silence
silver
similar
simple
since
sing
single
sink
sister
sit
situation
size
skeleton
skill
skin
sky
slave
sleep
slide
slow
small
smash
smell
smoke
smooth
snow
so
social
soft
soil
soldier
solid
solve
some
son
soon
sort
sound
south
space
speak
special
speech
speed
spend
spill
spirit
split
sport
spread
spring
spy
square
stab
stand
star
start
starve
state
station
statue
stay
steal
steam
steel
step
stick
still
stone
stop
store
storm
story
stove
straight
strange
street
stretch
strike
strong
structure
struggle
study
stupid
subject
submarine
substance
substitute
subversion
succeed
such
sudden
suffer
sugar
suggest
suicide
summer
sun
supervise
supply
support
suppose
suppress
sure
surface
surplus
surprise
surrender
surround
survive
suspect
suspend
swallow
swear in
sweet
swim
sympathy
system
take
talk
tall
tank
target
taste
tax
tea
teach
team
tear
technical
technology
telephone
telescope
television
tell
temperature
temporary
tense
term
terrible
territory
terror
terrorist
test
than
thank
that
the
theater
them
then
theory
there
these
they
thick
thin
thing
think
third
this
threaten
through
throw
tie
time
tired
to
today
together
tomorrow
tonight
too
tool
top
torture
total
touch
toward
town
trade
tradition
traffic
tragic
train
transport
transportation
trap
travel
treason
treasure
treat
treatment
treaty
tree
trial
tribe
trick
trip
troops
trouble
truce
truck
true
trust
try
tube
turn
under
understand
unite
universe
university
unless
until
up
urge
urgent
us
use
usual
vacation
vaccine
valley
value
vegetable
vehicle
version
very
veto
victim
victory
video
village
violate
violence
visa
visit
voice
volcano
volunteer
vote
wages
wait
walk
wall
want
war
warm
warn
wash
waste
watch
water
wave
way
we
weak
wealth
weapon
wear
weather
Web site
week
weigh
welcome
well
west
wet
what
wheat
wheel
when
where
whether
which
while
white
who
whole
why
wide
wife
wild
will
willing
win
wind
window
winter
wire
wise
wish
with
withdraw
without
witness
woman
wonder
wonderful
wood
word
work
world
worry
worse
worth
wound
wreck
wreckage
write
wrong
year
yellow
yes
yesterday
yet
you
young
zero
zoo
achieve
address
advantage
alliance
amaze
arrow
attitude
authority
bag
basic
behave
behavior
bend
birth
bless
blessing
bow
bow
branch
breath
camel
cassette
cent
chapter
character
class
coat
coin
column
concentrate
conscience
corner
courage
cousin
crown
curtain
death
decay
deserve
devote
dictate
divorce
donkey
else
envy
excite
faith
favorite
fever
gate
generation
global
greed
image
Internet
joy
king
layer
leaf
lock
lord
lot
manage
master
medical
messenger
miracle
national
negative
notice
orange
origin
particular
persuade
pleasant
positive
poverty
prayer
print
product
promise
proud
railway
refrigerator
relate
rent
replace
respect
rid
royal
shame
shirt
smile
snake
solution
song
student
success
sword
symbol
table
tempt
tent
those
toilet
translate
triangle
trousers
truth
verse
virgin
wine
wing
witness


a
abandon
abandoned
ability
able
about
above
abroad
absence
absent
absolute
absolutely
absorb
abuse
academic
accent
accept
acceptable
access
accident
accidental
accommodation
accompany
according to
account
accurate
accuse
achieve
achievement
acid
acknowledge
acquire
across
act
action
active
activity
actor
actress
actual
actually
ad
adapt
add
addition
additional
address
adequate
adjust
admiration
admire
admit
adopt
adult
advance
advanced
advantage
adventure
advert
advertise
advertisement
advertising
advice
advise
affair
affect
affection
afford
afraid
after
afternoon
afterwards
again
against
age
aged
agency
agent
aggressive
ago
agree
agreement
ahead
aid
aim
air
aircraft
airport
alarm
alarmed
alarming
alcohol
alcoholic
alive
all
allied
allow
all right
ally
almost
alone
along
alongside
aloud
alphabet
alphabetical
already
also
alter
alternative
alternatively
although
altogether
always
a.m.
amaze
amazed
amazing
ambition
ambulance
among
amount
amuse
amused
amusing
analyse
analysis
ancient
and
anger
angle
angry
animal
ankle
anniversary
announce
annoy
annoyed
annoying
annual
annually
another
answer
anti-
anticipate
anxiety
anxious
any
anybody
anyone
anything
anyway
anywhere
apart
apart from
apartment
apologize
apparent
apparently
appeal
appear
appearance
apple
application
apply
appoint
appointment
appreciate
approach
appropriate
approval
approve
approving
approximate
approximately
April
area
argue
argument
arise
arm
armed
arms
army
around
arrange
arrangement
arrest
arrival
arrive
arrow
art
article
artificial
artist
artistic
as
ashamed
aside
aside from
ask
asleep
aspect
assist
assistance
assistant
associate
associated
association
assume
assure
at
atmosphere
atom
attach
attached
attack
attempt
attempted
attend
attention
attitude
attorney
attract
attraction
attractive
audience
August
aunt
author
authority
automatic
autumn
available
average
avoid
awake
award
aware
away
awful
awfully
awkward
baby
back
background
backward
backwards
bacteria
bad
badly
bad-tempered
bag
baggage
bake
balance
ball
ban
band
bandage
bank
bar
bargain
barrier
base
based
basic
basically
basis
bath
bathroom
battery
battle
bay
be
beach
beak
bear
beard
beat
beautiful
beautifully
beauty
because
become
bed
bedroom
beef
beer
before
begin
beginning
behalf
behave
behaviour
behind
belief
believe
bell
belong
below
belt
bend
beneath
benefit
bent
beside
best
bet
better
betting
between
beyond
bicycle
bid
bid
big
bike
bill
billion
bin
biology
bird
birth
birthday
biscuit
bit
bite
bitter
bitterly
black
blade
blame
blank
blind
block
blonde
blood
blow
blue
board
boat
body
boil
bomb
bone
book
boot
border
bore
bored
boring
born
borrow
boss
both
bother
bottle
bottom
bound
bowl
box
boy
boyfriend
brain
branch
brand
brave
bread
break
breakfast
breast
breath
breathe
breathing
breed
brick
bridge
brief
briefly
bright
brilliant
bring
broad
broadcast
broadly
broken
brother
brown
brush
bubble
budget
build
building
bullet
bunch
burn
burnt
burst
bury
bus
bush
business
business-person
busy
but
butter
button
buy
buyer
by
bye
cabinet
cable
cake
calculate
calculation
call
called
calm
camera
camp
campaign
camping
can
can
cancel
cancer
candidate
candy
cannot
cap
capable
capacity
capital
captain
capture
car
card
cardboard
care
career
careful
careless
carpet
carrot
carry
case
cash
cast
castle
cat
catch
category
cause
CD
cease
ceiling
celebrate
celebration
cell
cell phone
cent
centimetre
central
centre
century
ceremony
certain
certainly
certificate
chain
chair
chairperson
challenge
challenging
chamber
chance
change
channel
chapter
character
characteristic
charge
charity
chart
chase
chat
cheap
cheaply
cheat
check
cheek
cheerful
cheese
chemical
chemist
chemistry
cheque
chest
chew
chicken
chief
child
chin
chip
chocolate
choice
choose
chop
church
cigarette
cinema
circle
circumstance
citizen
city
civil
claim
clap
class
classic
classroom
clean
clear
clearly
clerk
clever
click
client
climate
climb
climbing
clock
close
close
closed
closet
cloth
clothes
clothing
cloud
club
coach
coal
coast
coat
code
coffee
coin
cold
coldly
collapse
colleague
collect
collection
college
colour
coloured
column
combination
combine
come
comedy
comfort
comfortable
comfortably
command
comment
commercial
commission
commit
commitment
committee
common
commonly
communicate
communication
community
company
compare
comparison
compete
competition
competitive
complain
complaint
complete
completely
complex
complicate
complicated
computer
concentrate
concentration
concept
concern
concerned
concerning
concert
conclude
conclusion
concrete
condition
conduct
conference
confidence
confident
confine
confined
confirm
conflict
confront
confuse
confused
confusing
confusion
congratulate
congratulation
congress
connect
connected
connection
conscious
consequence
conservative
consider
considerable
considerably
consideration
consist
constant
constantly
construct
construction
consult
consumer
contact
contain
container
contemporary
content
contest
context
continent
continue
continuous
contract
contrast
contrasting
contribute
contribution
control
controlled
convenient
convention
conventional
conversation
convert
convince
cook
cooker
cookie
cooking
cool
cope
copy
core
corner
correct
cost
cottage
cotton
cough
coughing
could
council
count
counter
country
countryside
county
couple
courage
course
court
cousin
cover
covered
covering
cow
crack
cracked
craft
crash
crazy
cream
create
creature
credit
credit card
crime
criminal
crisis
crisp
criterion
critical
criticism
criticize
crop
cross
crowd
crowded
crown
crucial
cruel
crush
cry
cultural
culture
cup
cupboard
curb
cure
curious
curl
curly
current
currently
curtain
curve
curved
custom
customer
customs
cut
cycle
cycling
dad
daily
damage
damp
dance
dancer
dancing
danger
dangerous
dare
dark
data
date
daughter
day
dead
deaf
deal
dear
death
debate
debt
decade
decay
December
decide
decision
declare
decline
decorate
decoration
decorative
decrease
deep
deeply
defeat
defence
defend
define
definite
definitely
definition
degree
delay
deliberate
deliberately
delicate
delight
delighted
deliver
delivery
demand
demonstrate
dentist
deny
department
departure
depend
deposit
depress
depressed
depressing
depth
derive
describe
description
desert
deserted
deserve
design
desire
desk
desperate
despite
destroy
destruction
detail
detailed
determination
determine
determined
develop
development
device
devote
devoted
diagram
diamond
diary
dictionary
die
diet
difference
different
difficult
difficulty
dig
dinner
direct
direction
directly
director
dirt
dirty
disabled
disadvantage
disagree
disagreement
disappear
disappoint
disappointed
disappointing
disappointment
disapproval
disapprove
disapproving
disaster
disc
discipline
discount
discover
discovery
discuss
discussion
disease
disgust
disgusted
disgusting
dish
dishonest
disk
dislike
dismiss
display
dissolve
distance
distinguish
distribute
distribution
district
disturb
disturbing
divide
division
divorce
divorced
do
do
doctor
document
dog
dollar
domestic
dominate
door
dot
double
doubt
down
downstairs
downward
downwards
dozen
draft
drag
drama
dramatic
draw
drawer
drawing
dream
dress
dressed
drink
drive
driver
driving
drop
drug
drugstore
drum
drunk
dry
due
dull
dump
during
dust
duty
DVD
dying
each
each other
ear
early
earn
earth
ease
easily
east
eastern
easy
eat
economic
economy
edge
edition
editor
educate
educated
education
effect
effective
effectively
efficient
effort
egg
eight
eighteen
eighth
eighty
either
elbow
elderly
elect
election
electric
electrical
electricity
electronic
elegant
element
elevator
eleven
else
elsewhere
email
embarrass
embarrassed
embarrassing
embarrassment
emerge
emergency
emotion
emotional
emphasis
emphasize
empire
employ
employee
employer
employment
empty
enable
encounter
encourage
encouragement
end
ending
enemy
energy
engage
engaged
engine
engineer
engineering
enjoy
enjoyable
enjoyment
enormous
enough
enquiry
ensure
enter
entertain
entertainer
entertaining
entertainment
enthusiasm
enthusiastic
entire
entirely
entitle
entrance
entry
envelope
environment
environmental
equal
equally
equipment
equivalent
error
escape
especially
essay
essential
essentially
establish
estate
estimate
etc.
euro
even
evening
event
eventually
ever
every
everybody
everyone
everything
everywhere
evidence
evil
ex-
exact
exactly
exaggerate
exaggerated
exam
examination
examine
example
excellent
except
exception
exchange
excite
excited
excitement
exciting
exclude
excluding
excuse
executive
exercise
exhibit
exhibition
exist
existence
exit
expand
expect
expectation
expected
expense
expensive
experience
experienced
experiment
expert
explain
explanation
explode
explore
explosion
export
expose
express
expression
extend
extension
extensive
extent
extra
extraordinary
extreme
extremely
eye
face
facility
fact
factor
factory
fail
failure
faint
fair
fairly
faith
faithful
faithfully
fall
false
fame
familiar
family
famous
fan
fancy
far
farm
farmer
farming
farther
farthest
fashion
fashionable
fast
fasten
fat
father
faucet
fault
favour
favourite
fear
feather
feature
February
federal
fee
feed
feel
feeling
fellow
female
fence
festival
fetch
fever
few
field
fifteen
fifth
fifty
fight
figure
file
fill
film
final
finally
finance
financial
find
fine
finely
finger
finish
finished
fire
firm
firmly
first
fish
fishing
fit
five
fix
fixed
flag
flame
flash
flat
flavour
flesh
flight
float
flood
floor
flour
flow
flower
flu
fly
flying
focus
fold
folding
follow
following
food
foot
football
for
force
forecast
foreign
forest
forever
forget
forgive
fork
form
formal
former
formerly
formula
fortune
forty
forward
found
foundation
four
fourteen
fourth
frame
free
freedom
freely
freeze
frequent
frequently
fresh
freshly
Friday
fridge
friend
friendly
friendship
frighten
frightened
frightening
from
front
frozen
fruit
fry
fuel
full
fully
fun
function
fund
fundamental
funeral
funny
fur
furniture
further
future
gain
gallon
gamble
gambling
game
gap
garage
garbage
garden
gas
gasoline
gate
gather
gear
general
generally
generate
generation
generous
gentle
gentleman
gently
genuine
geography
get
giant
gift
girl
girlfriend
give
glad
glass
global
glove
glue
go
goal
god
gold
good
goodbye
goods
govern
government
governor
grab
grade
gradual
gradually
grain
gram
grammar
grand
grandchild
granddaughter
grandfather
grandmother
grandparent
grandson
grant
grass
grateful
grave
grave
great
greatly
green
grey
grocery
ground
group
grow
growth
guarantee
guard
guess
guest
guide
guilty
gun
guy
habit
hair
hairdresser
half
hall
hammer
hand
handle
hang
happen
happily
happy
hard
hardly
harm
harmful
harmless
hat
hate
hatred
have
have to
he
head
headache
heal
health
healthy
hear
hearing
heart
heat
heating
heaven
heavily
heavy
heel
height
hell
hello
help
helpful
hence
her
here
hero
hers
herself
hesitate
hi
hide
high
highlight
highly
highway
hill
him
himself
hip
hire
his
historical
history
hit
hobby
hold
hole
holiday
hollow
holy
home
homework
honest
honestly
honour
hook
hope
horizontal
horn
horror
horse
hospital
host
hot
hotel
hour
house
household
housing
how
however
huge
human
humorous
humour
hundred
hundredth
hungry
hunt
hunting
hurry
hurt
husband
I
ice
ice cream
idea
ideal
identify
identity
i.e.
if
ignore
ill
illegal
illness
illustrate
image
imaginary
imagination
imagine
immediate
immediately
immoral
impact
impatient
implication
imply
import
importance
important
impose
impossible
impress
impressed
impression
impressive
improve
improvement
in
inability
inch
incident
include
including
income
increase
increasingly
indeed
independence
independent
index
indicate
indication
indirect
individual
indoor
indoors
industrial
industry
inevitable
inevitably
infect
infected
infection
infectious
influence
inform
informal
information
ingredient
initial
initially
initiative
injure
injured
injury
ink
inner
innocent
insect
insert
inside
insist
install
instance
instead
instead of
institute
institution
instruction
instrument
insult
insulting
insurance
intelligence
intelligent
intend
intended
intention
interest
interested
interesting
interior
internal
international
Internet
interpret
interpretation
interrupt
interruption
interval
interview
into
introduce
introduction
invent
invention
invest
investigate
investigation
investment
invitation
invite
involve
involved
involvement
iron
irritate
irritated
-ish
island
issue
it
item
its
itself
jacket
jam
January
jealous
jeans
jelly
jewellery
job
join
joint
joke
journalist
journey
joy
judge
judgement
juice
July
jump
June
junior
just
justice
justified
justify
keen
keep
key
keyboard
kick
kid
kill
killing
kilogram
kilometre
kind
kindly
kindness
king
kiss
kitchen
knee
knife
knit
knitted
knitting
knock
knot
know
knowledge
lab
label
laboratory
labour
lack
lacking
lady
lake
lamp
land
landscape
lane
language
large
largely
last
last
last
last
late
later
latest
latter
laugh
launch
law
lawyer
lay
layer
lazy
lead
lead
leader
leading
leaf
league
lean
learn
least
leather
leave
lecture
left
leg
legal
lemon
lend
length
less
lesson
let
letter
level
library
licence
license
lid
lie
lie
lie
life
lift
light
lightly
like
likely
limit
limited
line
link
lip
liquid
list
listen
literature
litre
little
live
live
live
lively
living
load
loan
local
locate
located
location
lock
logic
logical
lonely
long
look
loose
loosely
lord
lorry
lose
loss
lost
lot
loud
love
lovely
lover
low
loyal
luck
lucky
luggage
lump
lunch
lung
machine
machinery
mad
magazine
magic
mail
main
mainly
maintain
major
majority
make
make-up
male
mall
man
manage
management
manager
manner
manufacture
manufacturer
manufacturing
many
map
March
mark
market
marketing
marriage
married
marry
mass
massive
master
match
matching
mate
material
mathematics
matter
maximum
May
maybe
mayor
me
meal
mean
meaning
means
meanwhile
measure
measurement
meat
media
medical
medicine
medium
meet
meeting
melt
member
membership
memory
mental
mentally
mention
menu
mere
merely
mess
message
metal
method
metre
mid-
midday
middle
midnight
might
mild
mile
military
milk
milligram
millimetre
million
millionth
mind
mine
mineral
minimum
minister
ministry
minor
minority
minute
mirror
miss
missing
mistake
mistaken
mix
mixed
mixture
mobile
mobile phone
model
modern
mom
moment
Monday
money
monitor
month
mood
moon
moral
morally
more
moreover
morning
most
mostly
mother
motion
motor
motorbike
motorcycle
mount
mountain
mouse
mouth
move
movement
movie
movie theater
moving
Mr
Mrs
Ms
much
mud
multiply
mum
murder
muscle
museum
music
musical
musician
must
my
myself
mysterious
mystery
nail
naked
name
narrow
nation
national
natural
naturally
nature
navy
near
nearby
nearly
neat
necessarily
necessary
neck
need
needle
negative
neighbour
neighbourhood
neither
nephew
nerve
nervous
nest
net
network
never
nevertheless
new
newly
news
newspaper
next
next to
nice
nicely
niece
night
nine
nineteen
ninety
ninth
no
nobody
noise
noisy
non-
none
nonsense
no one
nor
normal
normally
north
northern
nose
not
note
nothing
notice
noticeable
novel
November
now
nowhere
nuclear
number
nurse
nut
obey
object
objective
observation
observe
obtain
obvious
obviously
occasion
occasionally
occupied
occupy
occur
ocean
o'clock
October
odd
oddly
of
off
offence
offend
offense
offensive
offer
office
officer
official
officially
often
oh
oil
OK
old
old-fashioned
on
once
one
one another
onion
only
onto
open
opening
openly
operate
operation
opinion
opponent
opportunity
oppose
opposed
opposing
opposite
opposition
option
or
orange
order
ordinary
organ
organization
organize
organized
origin
original
originally
other
otherwise
ought to
our
ours
ourselves
out
outdoor
outdoors
outer
outline
output
outside
outstanding
oven
over
overall
overcome
owe
own
owner
pace
pack
package
packaging
packet
page
pain
painful
paint
painter
painting
pair
palace
pale
pan
panel
pants
paper
parallel
parent
park
parliament
part
particular
particularly
partly
partner
partnership
party
pass
passage
passenger
passing
passport
past
path
patience
patient
pattern
pause
pay
payment
peace
peaceful
peak
pen
pencil
penny
pension
people
pepper
per
per cent
perfect
perfectly
perform
performance
performer
perhaps
period
permanent
permission
permit
person
personal
personality
personally
persuade
pet
petrol
phase
philosophy
phone
photo
photocopy
photograph
photographer
photography
phrase
physical
physically
physics
piano
pick
picture
piece
pig
pile
pill
pilot
pin
pink
pint
pipe
pitch
pity
place
plain
plan
plane
planet
planning
plant
plastic
plate
platform
play
player
pleasant
please
pleased
pleasing
pleasure
plenty
plot
plug
plus
plus
plus
p.m.
pocket
poem
poetry
point
pointed
poison
poisonous
pole
police
policy
polish
polite
political
politically
politician
politics
pollution
pool
poor
pop
popular
population
port
pose
position
positive
possess
possession
possibility
possible
possibly
post
post office
pot
potato
potential
pound
pour
powder
power
powerful
practical
practically
practice
practise
praise
pray
prayer
precise
precisely
predict
prefer
preference
pregnant
premises
preparation
prepare
prepared
presence
present
presentation
preserve
president
press
pressure
presumably
pretend
pretty
prevent
previous
price
pride
priest
primarily
primary
prime minister
prince
princess
principle
print
printer
printing
prior
priority
prison
prisoner
private
prize
probable
probably
problem
procedure
proceed
process
process
produce
producer
product
production
profession
professional
professor
profit
program
programme
progress
project
promise
promote
promotion
prompt
promptly
pronounce
pronunciation
proof
proper
properly
property
proportion
proposal
propose
prospect
protect
protection
protest
proud
proudly
prove
provide
provided
providing
pub
public
publication
publicity
publish
publishing
pull
punch
punish
punishment
pupil
purchase
pure
purely
purple
purpose
pursue
push
put
qualification
qualified
qualify
quality
quantity
quarter
queen
question
quick
quickly
quiet
quit
quite
quote
race
racing
radio
rail
railroad
railway
rain
raise
range
rank
rapid
rare
rarely
rate
rather
raw
re-
reach
react
reaction
read
reader
reading
ready
real
realistic
reality
realize
really
rear
reason
reasonable
reasonably
recall
receipt
receive
recent
recently
reception
reckon
recognition
recognize
recommend
record
recording
recover
red
reduce
reduction
refer
reference
reflect
reform
refrigerator
refusal
refuse
regard
regarding
region
regional
register
regret
regular
regularly
regulation
reject
relate
related
relation
relationship
relative
relatively
relax
relaxed
relaxing
release
relevant
relief
religion
religious
rely
remain
remaining
remains
remark
remarkable
remember
remind
remote
removal
remove
rent
rented
repair
repeat
repeated
replace
reply
report
represent
representative
reproduce
reputation
request
require
requirement
rescue
research
reservation
reserve
resident
resist
resistance
resolve
resort
resource
respect
respond
response
responsibility
responsible
rest
restaurant
restore
restrict
restricted
restriction
result
retain
retire
retired
retirement
return
reveal
reverse
review
revise
revision
revolution
reward
rhythm
rice
rich
rid
ride
rider
ridiculous
riding
right
rightly
ring
ring
ring
rise
risk
rival
river
road
rob
rock
role
roll
romantic
roof
room
root
rope
rough
roughly
round
rounded
route
routine
row
royal
rub
rubber
rubbish
rude
rudely
ruin
ruined
rule
ruler
rumour
run
runner
running
rural
rush
sack
sad
sadly
sadness
safe
safely
safety
sail
sailing
sailor
salad
salary
sale
salt
salty
same
sample
sand
satisfaction
satisfied
satisfy
satisfying
Saturday
sauce
save
saving
say
scale
scare
scared
scene
schedule
scheme
school
science
scientific
scientist
scissors
score
scratch
scream
screen
screw
sea
seal
search
season
seat
second
second
second
secondary
secret
secretary
section
sector
secure
security
see
seed
seek
seem
select
selection
self
self-
sell
senate
senator
send
senior
sense
sensible
sensitive
sentence
separate
separated
separately
separation
September
series
serious
seriously
servant
serve
service
session
set
settle
seven
seventeen
seventy
several
severe
sew
sewing
sex
sexual
shade
shadow
shake
shall
shallow
shame
shape
shaped
share
sharp
sharply
shave
she
sheep
sheet
shelf
shell
shelter
shift
shine
shiny
ship
shirt
shock
shocking
shoe
shoot
shooting
shop
shopping
short
shortly
shot
should
shoulder
shout
show
shower
shut
shy
sick
side
sideways
sight
sign
signal
signature
significant
significantly
silence
silent
silk
silly
silver
similar
similarly
simple
simply
since
sincere
sincerely
sing
singer
singing
single
sink
sir
sister
sit
site
situation
six
sixteen
sixty
size
skilful
skill
skilled
skin
skirt
sky
sleep
sleeve
slice
slide
slight
slightly
slip
slope
slow
slowly
small
smart
smash
smell
smile
smoke
smoking
smooth
smoothly
snake
snow
so
soap
social
society
sock
soft
softly
software
soil
soldier
solid
solution
solve
some
somebody
somehow
someone
something
sometimes
somewhat
somewhere
son
song
soon
sore
sorry
sort
soul
sound
soup
sour
source
south
southern
space
spare
speak
speaker
special
specialist
specially
specific
specifically
speech
speed
spell
spelling
spend
spice
spicy
spider
spin
spirit
spiritual
spite
split
spoil
spoken
spoon
sport
spot
spray
spread
spring
square
squeeze
stable
staff
stage
stair
stamp
stand
standard
star
stare
start
state
statement
station
statue
status
stay
steady
steal
steam
steel
steep
steer
step
stick
sticky
stiff
still
sting
stir
stock
stomach
stone
stop
store
storm
story
stove
straight
strain
strange
strangely
stranger
strategy
stream
street
strength
stress
stressed
stretch
strict
strictly
strike
striking
string
strip
stripe
striped
stroke
strong
structure
struggle
student
studio
study
stuff
stupid
style
subject
substance
substantial
substantially
substitute
succeed
success
successful
such
suck
sudden
suddenly
suffer
suffering
sufficient
sugar
suggest
suggestion
suit
suitable
suitcase
suited
sum
summary
summer
sun
Sunday
superior
supermarket
supply
support
supporter
suppose
sure
surely
surface
surname
surprise
surprised
surprising
surround
surrounding
surroundings
survey
survive
suspect
suspicion
suspicious
swallow
swear
swearing
sweat
sweater
sweep
sweet
swell
swelling
swim
swimming
swimming pool
swing
switch
swollen
symbol
sympathetic
sympathy
system
table
tablet
tackle
tail
take
talk
tall
tank
tap
tape
target
task
taste
tax
taxi
tea
teach
teacher
teaching
team
tear
tear
technical
technique
technology
telephone
television
tell
temperature
temporary
ten
tend
tendency
tension
tent
tenth
term
terrible
terribly
test
text
than
thank
thanks
thank you
that
the
theatre
their
theirs
them
theme
themselves
then
theory
there
therefore
they
thick
thickly
thickness
thief
thin
thing
think
thinking
third
thirsty
thirteen
thirty
this
thorough
thoroughly
though
thought
thousand
thousandth
thread
threat
threaten
threatening
three
throat
through
throughout
throw
thumb
Thursday
thus
ticket
tidy
tie
tight
tightly
time
timetable
tin
tiny
tip
tire
tired
tiring
title
to
today
toe
together
toilet
tomato
tomorrow
ton
tone
tongue
tonne
too
tool
tooth
top
topic
total
totally
touch
tough
tour
tourist
towards
tower
town
toy
trace
track
trade
trading
tradition
traditional
traffic
train
training
transfer
transform
translate
translation
transparent
transport
transportation
trap
travel
traveller
treat
treatment
tree
trend
trial
triangle
trick
trillion
trip
tropical
trouble
trousers
truck
true
truly
trust
truth
try
tube
Tuesday
tune
tunnel
turn
TV
twelve
twenty
twice
twin
twist
twisted
two
type
typical
typically
tyre
ugly
ultimate
ultimately
umbrella
unable
unacceptable
uncertain
uncle
uncomfortable
unconscious
uncontrolled
under
underground
underneath
understand
understanding
underwater
underwear
undo
unemployed
unemployment
unexpected
unfair
unfortunate
unfortunately
unfriendly
unhappy
uniform
unimportant
union
unique
unit
unite
united
universe
university
unkind
unknown
unless
unlike
unlikely
unload
unlucky
unnecessary
unpleasant
unreasonable
unsteady
unsuccessful
untidy
until
unusual
unusually
unwilling
up
upon
upper
upset
upsetting
upside down
upstairs
upward
upwards
urban
urge
urgent
us
use
used
used
used to
useful
useless
user
usual
usually
vacation
valid
valley
valuable
value
van
variation
varied
variety
various
vary
vast
vegetable
vehicle
venture
version
vertical
very
via
victim
victory
video
view
village
violence
violent
violently
virtually
virus
visible
vision
visit
visitor
vital
vocabulary
voice
volume
vote
wage
waist
wait
waiter
wake
walk
walking
wall
wallet
wander
want
war
warm
warmth
warn
warning
wash
washing
waste
watch
water
wave
way
we
weak
weakness
wealth
weapon
wear
weather
web
website
wedding
Wednesday
week
weekend
weigh
weight
welcome
well
well known
west
western
wet
what
whatever
wheel
when
whenever
where
whereas
wherever
whether
which
while
whisper
whistle
white
who
whoever
whole
whom
whose
why
wide
widely
width
wife
wild
wildly
will
willing
win
wind
wind
window
wine
wing
winner
winning
winter
wire
wise
wish
with
withdraw
within
without
witness
woman
wonder
wonderful
wood
wooden
wool
word
work
worker
working
world
worried
worry
worrying
worse
worship
worst
worth
would
wound
wound
wounded
wrap
wrapping
wrist
write
writer
writing
written
wrong
wrongly
yard
yawn
yeah
year
yellow
yes
yesterday
yet
you
young
your
yours
yourself
youth
zero
zone


abandon
abbey
ability
able
abnormal
abolish
abortion
abridge
absence
absent
absolute
absorb
absorption
abstract
abundant
abuse
academic
academy
accent
accept
acceptable
acceptance
access
accessible
accident
accompany
account
accountant
accumulation
accurate
achieve
achievement
acid
acquaintance
acquisition
acquit
act
action
activate
active
activity
acute
add
addicted
addition
address
adequate
adjust
administration
administrator
admiration
admire
admission
admit
adopt
adoption
adult
advance
advantage
adventure
advertise
advertising
advice
adviser
advocate
aesthetic
affair
affect
affinity
afford
afraid
afternoon
age
agency
agenda
agent
aggressive
agile
agony
agree
agreement
agricultural
agriculture
aid
AIDS
air
aircraft
airline
airport
aisle
alarm
album
alcohol
alert
alimony
alive
allocation
allow
allowance
ally
aloof
altar
aluminium
amateur
amber
ambiguity
ambiguous
ambition
ambitious
ambulance
amendment
ample
amputate
amuse
analogy
analysis
analyst
ancestor
angel
anger
angle
angry
animal
ankle
anniversary
announcement
annual
anonymous
answer
ant
anticipation
anxiety
apathy
apologize
apology
apparatus
appeal
appear
appearance
appendix
appetite
applaud
apple
applicant
application
applied
appoint
appointment
appreciate
approach
appropriate
approval
approve
aquarium
arbitrary
arch
archaeological
architect
architecture
archive
area
arena
argument
arise
arm
armchair
army
arrange
arrangement
arrest
arrogant
arrow
art
article
articulate
artificial
artist
artistic
ascertain
ash
ashamed
ask
asleep
aspect
assault
assembly
assertion
assertive
assessment
asset
assignment
association
assume
assumption
assurance
astonishing
asylum
athlete
atmosphere
atom
attachment
attack
attention
attic
attitude
attract
attraction
attractive
auction
audience
auditor
aunt
authorise
authority
automatic
autonomy
available
avant-garde
avenue
average
aviation
avoid
awake
award
aware
awful
awkward
axis
baby
back
background
bacon
bad
bag
bail
bait
bake
balance
balanced
balcony
bald
ball
ballet
balloon
ballot
ban
banana
band
bang
banish
bank
bankruptcy
banner
banquet
bar
bare
bargain
bark
barrel
barrier
base
baseball
basic
basin
basis
basket
basketball
bat
bathroom
bathtub
battery
battle
battlefield
bay
beach
beam
bean
bear
beard
beat
beautiful
become
bed
bedroom
bee
beef
beer
beg
begin
beginning
behave
behavior
behead
belief
bell
belly
belong
belt
bench
bend
beneficiary
benefit
berry
bet
betray
Bible
bike
bill
bin
bind
biography
biology
bird
birthday
biscuit
bishop
bitch
bite
bitter
black
blackmail
blade
blame
bland
blank
blast
bleed
bless
blind
block
blonde
blood
bloodshed
bloody
blow
blue
blue jean
board
boat
body
boil
bold
bolt
bomb
bomber
bond
bone
book
boom
boot
border
borrow
bother
bottle
bottom
bounce
bow
bowel
bowl
box
boy
bracket
brag
braid
brain
brainstorm
brake
branch
brand
brave
bread
break
break down
breakdown
breakfast
break in
breast
breathe
breed
breeze
brewery
brick
bride
bridge
brilliance
bring
brink
broadcast
broccoli
broken
bronze
brother
brown
brush
bubble
bucket
budge
budget
buffet
build
building
bulb
bullet
bulletin
bundle
bureaucracy
bureaucratic
burial
burn
burst
bury
bus
bush
business
businessperson
busy
butter
butterfly
buttocks
button
buy
cabin
cabinet
cable
cafe
cage
cake
calculation
calendar
calf
call
calm
calorie
camera
camp
campaign
can
cancel
cancer
candidate
candle
cane
canvas
cap
capable
capital
capitalism
captain
captivate
capture
car
carbon
card
care
career
careful
carpet
carriage
carrot
carry
cart
carve
case
cash
cassette
cast
castle
casualty
cat
catalogue
catch
category
cater
cathedral
cattle
cause
cautious
cave
ceiling
celebration
cell
cellar
cell phone
cemetery
censorship
census
center
central
century
cereal
ceremony
certain
certificate
chain
chair
chalk
challenge
champagne
champion
chance
change
channel
chaos
chapter
character
characteristic
charge
charismatic
charity
charm
chart
charter
chase
chauvinist
cheap
cheat
check
cheek
cheerful
cheese
chemical
chemistry
cheque
cherry
chest
chew
chicken
chief
child
childhood
childish
chimney
chimpanzee
chin
chip
chocolate
choice
choke
choose
chop
chord
chorus
chronic
church
cigarette
cinema
circle
circulate
circulation
circumstance
citizen
city
civic
civilian
civilization
claim
clarify
clash
class
classical
classify
classroom
clay
clean
clear
clearance
clerk
climate
climb
clinic
clique
clock
close
closed
clothes
cloud
club
clue
cluster
coach
coal
coalition
coast
coat
code
coerce
coffee
coffin
coin
coincide
coincidence
cold
collapse
collar
colleague
collect
collection
college
colon
colony
color
color-blind
colorful
column
coma
combination
combine
comedy
comet
comfort
comfortable
comic strip
command
commemorate
comment
commerce
commercial
commission
commitment
committee
common
communication
communist
community
compact
company
comparable
compare
comparison
compartment
compatible
compensation
compete
competence
competent
competition
competitive
complain
complete
complex
compliance
complication
compose
composer
compound
comprehensive
compromise
computer
computer virus
computing
concede
conceive
concentrate
concentration
concept
conception
concern
concert
concession
conclusion
concrete
condition
conductor
conference
confession
confidence
confident
confine
conflict
confront
confrontation
confuse
confusion
conglomerate
congratulate
congress
connection
conscience
conscious
consciousness
consensus
conservation
conservative
consider
considerable
consideration
consistent
consolidate
conspiracy
constant
constellation
constituency
constitution
constitutional
constraint
construct
constructive
consultation
consumer
consumption
contact
contain
contemporary
contempt
content
contest
context
continental
continuation
continuous
contract
contraction
contradiction
contrary
contrast
contribution
control
controversial
convenience
convenient
convention
conventional
conversation
convert
convict
conviction
convince
convulsion
cook
cool
cooperate
cooperation
cooperative
cope
copper
copy
copyright
cord
core
corn
corner
corporate
corpse
correction
correlation
correspond
correspondence
corruption
costume
cottage
cotton
cough
council
count
counter
country
countryside
coup
couple
courage
course
court
courtesy
courtship
cousin
cover
coverage
cow
cower
crack
crackpot
craft
artisan
crash
cream
create
creation
credibility
credit
credit card
creed
creep
crevice
crew
cricket
crime
criminal
crisis
critic
critical
criticism
crop
cross
crossing
crosswalk
crouch
crowd
crown
crude
cruel
cruelty
cruise
crusade
crutch
cry
crystal
cucumber
cultivate
cultural
culture
cunning
cup
cupboard
curious
curl
currency
current
curriculum
curtain
curve
cushion
custody
customer
cut
cute
cutting
cycle
cylinder
daily
dairy
damage
damn
dance
danger
dangerous
dare
dark
dash
date
daughter
dawn
day
daylight
dead
deadline
deadly
deaf
deal
dealer
death
debate
debt
debut
decade
decay
decide
decisive
deck
declaration
decline
decoration
decorative
decrease
dedicate
deep
deer
default
defeat
defend
defendant
deficiency
deficit
define
definite
definition
degree
delay
delegate
delete
delicate
deliver
delivery
demand
democracy
democratic
demolish
demonstrate
demonstration
demonstrator
denial
denounce
density
dentist
deny
depart
departure
depend
dependence
dependent
deport
deposit
depressed
depression
deprivation
deprive
deputy
descent
describe
desert
deserve
design
designer
desirable
desire
desk
despair
despise
destruction
detail
detective
detector
deter
deteriorate
determine
develop
development
deviation
devote
diagnosis
diagram
dialect
dialogue
diameter
diamond
dictate
dictionary
die
diet
differ
difference
different
difficult
difficulty
dig
digital
dignity
digress
dilemma
dilute
dimension
dine
dinner
dip
diplomat
diplomatic
direct
direction
director
directory
dirty
disability
disadvantage
disagree
disagreement
disappear
disappoint
disappointment
disaster
discipline
disclose
disco
discount
discourage
discover
discovery
discreet
discriminate
discrimination
discuss
disease
disgrace
disguise
dish
disk
dislike
dismiss
dismissal
disorder
displace
display
disposition
distance
distant
distinct
distort
distortion
distribute
distributor
district
disturbance
ditch
dive
divide
dividend
division
divorce
doctor
document
dog
doll
dollar
dolphin
dome
domestic
dominant
dominate
domination
donate
donor
door
dorm
dose
double
doubt
dough
dozen
draft
drag
dragon
drain
drama
dramatic
draw
drawer
drawing
dream
dress
dressing
dribble
drift
drill
drink
drive
driver
drop
drown
drug
drum
drunkenness
dry
duck
due
duke
dull
dump
duration
dust
duty
dynamic
eager
eagle
ear
early
earthquake
east
easy
eat
eavesdrop
echo
economic
economics
economist
economy
ecstasy
edge
edition
education
educational
effect
effective
efficient
effort
egg
egg white
ego
eject
elaborate
elapse
elbow
elect
election
electorate
electricity
electron
electronic
electronics
elegant
element
elephant
eligible
eliminate
elite
embark
embarrassment
embassy
embrace
embryo
emergency
emotion
emotional
emphasis
empire
empirical
employ
employee
employer
employment
empty
encourage
encouraging
end
endorse
endure
enemy
energy
engagement
engine
engineer
enhance
enjoy
enjoyable
enlarge
ensure
enter
entertain
entertainment
enthusiasm
enthusiastic
entitlement
entry
envelope
environment
environmental
episode
equal
equation
equilibrium
equip
equipment
era
erosion
error
escape
essay
essential
establish
established
estate
estimate
eternal
ethical
ethics
ethnic
Europe
evaluate
even
evening
evoke
evolution
exact
exaggerate
examination
example
excavate
excavation
exceed
exception
excess
exchange
excited
excitement
exciting
exclude
exclusive
excuse
execute
execution
executive
exempt
exemption
exercise
exhibit
exhibition
exile
exit
exotic
expand
expansion
expect
expectation
expected
expedition
expenditure
expensive
experience
experienced
experiment
experimental
expert
expertise
explain
explanation
explicit
explode
exploit
exploration
explosion
export
expose
exposure
express
expression
extend
extension
extent
external
extinct
extort
extract
extraordinary
extraterrestrial
extreme
eye
eyebrow
fabricate
facade
face
facility
fact
factor
factory
fade
fail
failure
faint
fair
fairy
faith
faithful
fall
false
falsify
fame
familiar
family
fan
fantasy
far
fare
farewell
farm
farmer
fascinate
fashion
fashionable
fast
fastidious
fat
fate
father
fault
favor
favorable
favour
favourite
fax
fear
feast
feather
feature
federal
federation
fee
feed
feedback
feel
feeling
feign
feminine
feminist
fence
ferry
festival
fever
few
fibre
fiction
field
fig
fight
figure
file
fill
film
filter
final
finance
financial
find
fine
finger
finish
finished
fire
firefighter
fireplace
firm
first
first-hand
fish
fisher
fist
fit
fitness
fix
fixture
flag
flash
flashlight
flat
flatware
flavor
flawed
fleet
flesh
flex
flexible
flight
fling
float
flock
flood
floor
flour
flourish
flow
flower
flu
fluctuation
fluid
flush
fly
fog
fold
folk
folklore
folk music
follow
food
fool
fool around
foolish
foot
football
forbid
force
forecast
forehead
foreigner
forest
forestry
forge
forget
fork
form
formal
format
formation
formula
formulate
fortune
forum
forward
fossil
foster
foundation
fountain
fox
fraction
fragment
fragrant
frame
franchise
frank
fraud
freckle
free
freedom
freeze
freight
freighter
frequency
frequent
fresh
freshman
friend
friendly
friendship
frighten
frog
front
frown
frozen
fruit
frustration
fuel
full
full-time
fun
function
functional
fund
funeral
funny
fur
furniture
fuss
future
gaffe
gain
galaxy
gallery
gallon
game
gap
garage
garbage
garden
garlic
gas
gasp
gas pedal
gate
gear
gem
gene
general
generate
generation
generous
genetic
gentleman
genuine
geography
geological
gesture
get
ghost
ghostwriter
giant
gift
girl
girlfriend
give
glacier
glad
glance
glare
glass
glasses
glide
glimpse
global
gloom
glorious
glory
glove
glow
glue
go
goal
goalkeeper
goat
god
gold
golf
good
gossip
government
governor
gown
grace
gradient
gradual
graduate
grain
grammar
grand
grandfather
grandmother
grant
graph
graphic
graphics
grass
grateful
grave
gravel
gravity
graze
great
green
greet
greeting
gregarious
grief
grimace
grin
grind
grip
groan
ground
grounds
grow
growth
grudge
guarantee
guard
guerrilla
guess
guest
guide
guideline
guilt
guitar
gun
gutter
habit
habitat
hair
haircut
half
hall
hallway
halt
ham
hammer
hand
handicap
handy
hang
happen
happy
harass
harbor
hard
hardship
hardware
harm
harmful
harmony
harsh
harvest
hat
hate
haul
haunt
have
hay
head
headline
headquarters
heal
health
healthy
hear
heart
heat
heaven
heavy
hedge
heel
height
heir
helicopter
hell
helmet
help
helpful
helpless
hemisphere
hen
herb
herd
hero
heroin
hesitate
hiccup
hide
hierarchy
high
highlight
highway
hike
hilarious
hill
hip
historian
historical
history
hit
hobby
hold
hole
holiday
holy
home
homosexual
honest
honey
honor
honorable
hook
hope
horizon
horizontal
horn
horoscope
horror
horse
horseshoe
hospital
hospitality
host
hostage
hostile
hostility
hot
hotdog
hotel
hour
house
houseplant
housewife
housing
hover
huge
human
human body
humanity
humor
hungry
hunter
hunting
hurl
hurt
husband
hut
hypnothize
hypothesis
hypothesize
ice
ice cream
idea
ideal
identification
identify
identity
ideology
ignite
ignorance
ignorant
ignore
illegal
illness
illusion
illustrate
illustration
image
imagination
imagine
immigrant
immigration
immune
impact
imperial
implication
implicit
import
importance
important
impossible
imposter
impound
impress
impressive
improve
improvement
impulse
inadequate
inappropriate
incapable
incentive
inch
incident
include
income
incongruous
increase
incredible
independent
index
index finger
indication
indigenous
indirect
individual
indoor
indulge
industrial
industry
inevitable
infect
infection
infinite
inflate
inflation
influence
influential
informal
information
infrastructure
ingredient
inhabitant
inherit
inhibition
initial
initiative
inject
injection
injure
injury
inn
inner
innocent
innovation
inquiry
insect
insert
inside
insider
insight
insist
insistence
inspector
inspiration
inspire
instal
install
instinct
institution
instruction
instrument
insufficient
insurance
insure
integrated
integration
integrity
intellectual
intelligence
intense
intensify
intention
interaction
interactive
interest
interesting
interface
interference
intermediate
internal
international
interrupt
intervention
interview
introduce
introduction
invasion
investigation
investigator
investment
invisible
invitation
invite
iron
irony
irrelevant
island
isolation
issue
item
ivory
jacket
jail
jam
jar
jaw
jazz
jealous
jelly
jest
jet
jewel
job
jockey
joint
joke
journal
joy
joystick
judge
judgment
judicial
juice
jump
junction
jungle
junior
jurisdiction
jury
just
justice
justification
justify
keep
kettle
key
kick
kid
kidnap
kidney
kill
killer
kind
king
kingdom
kinship
kiss
kit
kitchen
kite
knead
knee
kneel
knife
knit
knock
knot
know
knowledge
Koran
label
laboratory
laborer
labour
lace
lack
ladder
lady
lake
lamb
lamp
land
landlord
landowner
landscape
lane
language
lap
large
laser
last
late
latest
laugh
launch
laundry
law
lawn
lawyer
lay
layer
layout
lazy
lead
leader
leadership
leaf
leaflet
leak
lean
learn
lease
leash
leather
leave
lecture
left
leftovers
leg
legal
legend
legislate
legislation
legislative
legislature
leisure
lemon
lend
length
lesson
letter
level
liability
liberal
liberty
library
licence
license
lick
lid
lie
life
lifestyle
lift
light
lighter
like
likely
lily
limb
limit
limitation
limited
line
lineage
linear
linen
linger
link
lion
lip
liquid
list
listen
literacy
literary
literature
litigation
live
lively
liver
load
loan
lobby
locate
location
lock
lodge
log
logic
logical
lonely
long
look
loop
loose
loot
looting
lose
loss
lost
lot
loud
lounge
love
lover
low
loyal
loyalty
lucky
lump
lunch
lung
machine
machinery
magazine
magnetic
magnitude
maid
mail
mail carrier
main
mainstream
major
majority
make
makeup
man
manage
management
manager
manner
manual
manufacture
manufacturer
manuscript
map
marathon
marble
march
margin
marine
mark
market
marketing
marriage
married
Mars
marsh
mask
mass
master
mastermind
match
material
mathematical
mathematics
matrix
matter
mature
maximum
mayor
maze
meadow
meal
mean
meaning
meaningful
means
measure
meat
mechanical
mechanism
medal
medicine
medieval
medium
meet
meeting
member
membership
memorable
memorandum
memorial
memory
mental
mention
menu
merchant
mercy
merit
mess
message
metal
method
methodology
microphone
middle
middle-class
midnight
migration
mild
mile
military
milk
mill
mind
mine
miner
mineral
minimize
minimum
minister
ministry
minor
minority
minute
miracle
mirror
miscarriage
miserable
misery
mislead
misplace
miss
missile
mist
mistreat
mix
mixture
mobile
model
modern
modernize
modest
module
mold
mole
molecular
molecule
moment
momentum
monarch
monarchy
monastery
money
monkey
monopoly
monster
monstrous
month
monthly
mood
moon
moral
morale
morning
morsel
mortgage
mosaic
mosque
mosquito
mother
motif
motivation
motorcycle
motorist
mountain
mourning
mouse
mouth
move
movement
movie
moving
mud
mug
muggy
multimedia
multiple
multiply
municipal
murder
muscle
museum
mushroom
music
musical
musician
mutation
mutter
mutual
mystery
myth
nail
name
nap
narrow
national
nationalism
nationalist
nationality
native
nature
navy
necessary
neck
necklace
need
needle
negative
neglect
negligence
negotiation
neighborhood
neighbour
nephew
nerve
nervous
nest
net
network
neutral
new
newcomer
news
nice
night
nightmare
noble
nod
node
noise
noisy
nominate
nomination
nonremittal
nonsense
norm
normal
north
nose
note
notebook
notice
notion
notorious
noun
novel
nuance
nuclear
number
nurse
nursery
nut
oak
obese
obey
object
objection
objective
obligation
obscure
observation
observer
obstacle
obtain
obvious
occasion
occupation
occupational
occupy
ocean
odd
offend
offender
offense
offensive
offer
office
officer
official
offset
offspring
oil
old
old age
omission
onion
open
opera
operation
operational
opinion
opponent
oppose
opposed
opposite
opposition
optimism
optimistic
option
optional
oral
orange
orbit
orchestra
order
ordinary
organ
organic
organisation
organize
orgy
orientation
origin
original
orthodox
ostracize
other
outer
outfit
outlet
outline
outlook
output
outside
oven
overall
overcharge
overeat
overlook
overview
overwhelm
owe
owl
owner
ownership
oxygen
pace
pack
package
packet
page
pain
painful
paint
painter
pair
palace
palm
pan
panel
panic
paper
parachute
parade
paradox
paragraph
parallel
paralyzed
parameter
pardon
parent
parental
park
parking
parliament
part
participant
participate
particle
particular
partner
partnership
part-time
party
pass
passage
passenger
passion
passionate
passive
passport
password
past
pastel
pasture
pat
patch
patent
path
patience
patient
patrol
pattern
pause
pavement
pawn
pay
payment
peace
peaceful
peak
peanut
peasant
pedestrian
peel
pen
penalty
pencil
penetrate
penny
pension
people
pepper
perceive
percent
perception
perfect
perforate
perform
performance
performer
perfume
period
permanent
permission
persist
persistent
person
personal
personality
persuade
pest
pet
petty
phenomenon
philosopher
philosophical
philosophy
photocopy
photograph
photographer
photography
physical
physics
piano
pick
picture
pie
piece
pier
pierce
pig
pigeon
pile
pill
pillow
pilot
pin
pioneer
pipe
pit
pitch
pity
place
plagiarize
plain
plaintiff
plan
plane
planet
plant
plaster
plastic
plate
platform
play
player
plead
pleasant
please
pleasure
pledge
plot
pluck
plug
pneumonia
pocket
poem
poetry
point
poison
pole
police-officer
policy
polish
polite
political
politician
politics
poll
pollution
pony
pool
poor
pop
popular
population
portable
porter
portion
portrait
position
positive
possession
possibility
possible
post
postcard
postpone
posture
pot
potato
potential
pottery
pound
pour
powder
power
powerful
practical
practice
praise
pray
prayer
preach
precede
precedent
precise
precision
predator
predecessor
predict
predictable
prediction
prefer
preference
pregnant
prejudice
premature
premium
preoccupation
preparation
prescription
presence
present
presentation
preservation
presidency
president
presidential
press
pressure
prestige
prevalence
prevent
prey
price
pride
primary
prince
princess
principle
print
printer
priority
prison
prisoner
privacy
private
privilege
privileged
prize
probability
problem
procedure
process
proclaim
produce
producer
product
production
productive
profession
professional
professor
profile
profit
profound
program
progress
progressive
project
projection
prolonged
promise
promote
promotion
proof
propaganda
proper
property
proportion
proportional
proposal
proposition
prosecute
prosecution
prospect
prosper
prosperity
protect
protection
protein
protest
proud
prove
provide
provincial
provision
provoke
psychologist
psychology
public
publication
publicity
publish
publisher
pudding
pull
pump
pumpkin
punch
punish
pupil
pure
purpose
pursuit
push
put
puzzle
pyramid
qualification
qualified
qualify
quality
quantitative
quantity
quarrel
quarter
queen
quest
question
questionnaire
queue
quiet
quit
quota
quotation
quote
rabbit
race
racial
racism
rack
radiation
radiation sickness
radical
radio
rage
raid
railcar
railroad
rain
rainbow
raise
rally
ranch
random
range
rank
rape
rare
rat
rate
ratio
rational
raw
reach
reaction
reactor
read
reader
ready
real
realism
realistic
reality
realize
rear
reason
reasonable
rebel
rebellion
receipt
reception
recession
reckless
recognition
recognize
recommend
recommendation
reconcile
record
recording
recover
recovery
recreation
recruit
recycle
red
redeem
reduce
reduction
redundancy
refer
referee
reference
referral
reflect
reflection
reform
refrigerator
refugee
refund
refusal
refuse
regard
region
regional
register
registration
regret
regular
regulation
rehabilitation
rehearsal
reign
reinforce
reject
rejection
relate
related
relation
relationship
relative
relax
relaxation
release
relevance
relevant
reliable
reliance
relief
relieve
religious
relinquish
reluctance
remain
remark
remedy
remember
remind
remunerate
rent
repeat
repetition
replace
replacement
report
reporter
represent
representative
reproduce
reproduction
reptile
republic
reputation
request
requirement
rescue
research
researcher
resemble
resent
reserve
reservoir
residence
resident
residential
resign
resignation
resist
resolution
resort
resource
respect
respectable
response
responsibility
responsible
rest
restaurant
restless
restoration
restrain
restraint
restrict
restricted
restriction
result
retailer
retain
retire
retired
retiree
retirement
retreat
return
reveal
revenge
reverse
review
revise
revival
revive
revoke
revolution
revolutionary
reward
rhetoric
rhythm
rib
ribbon
rice
rich
ride
rider
ridge
rifle
right
right wing
ring
riot
rise
risk
ritual
river
road
roar
rob
robbery
robot
rock
rocket
role
roll
romantic
roof
room
root
rope
rose
rotate
rotation
rotten
rough
round
route
routine
row
royalty
rub
rubbish
rugby
ruin
rule
rumor
run
rung
runner
rural
rush
sacred
sacrifice
sad
safari
safe
safety
sail
sailor
salad
sale
salesperson
salmon
salon
salt
salvation
sample
sanctuary
sand
sandal
sandwich
satellite
satisfaction
satisfactory
satisfied
sauce
sausage
save
say
scale
scan
scandal
scatter
scenario
scene
schedule
scheme
scholar
scholarship
school
science
scientific
scientist
score
scramble
scrap
scrape
scratch
scream
screen
screw
script
sculpture
sea
seal
search
season
seasonal
seat
second
secondary
secret
secretary
secretion
section
sector
secular
secure
security
see
seed
seek
seem
seize
selection
self
sell
seller
seminar
senior
sensation
sense
sensitive
sensitivity
sentence
sentiment
separate
separation
sequence
series
serious
sermon
servant
serve
service
session
set
settle
settlement
sex
sexual
shadow
shaft
shake
shallow
shame
shape
share
shareholder
shark
sharp
shatter
shave
shed
sheep
sheet
shelf
shell
shelter
shield
shift
shine
shirt
shiver
shock
shoe
shoot
shop
shopping
short
shortage
short circuit
shorts
shot
shoulder
shout
show
shower
shrink
shrug
shy
sick
sickness
side
siege
sieve
sigh
sight
sightsee
sign
signature
silence
silk
silver
similar
similarity
simplicity
sin
sing
singer
single
sink
sip
sister
sit
site
situation
size
skate
skeleton
sketch
ski
skill
skilled
skin
skip
skirt
skull
sky
slab
slam
slant
slap
slave
sleep
sleeve
slice
slide
slime
slip
slippery
slogan
slot
slow
slump
small
smart
smash
smell
smile
smoke
smooth
snack
snail
snake
snap
snarl
snatch
sniff
snow
snub
snuggle
soak
soap
soar
soccer
social
socialist
society
sociology
sock
sodium
sofa
soft
software
soil
solar
soldier
solid
solidarity
solo
solution
solve
sophisticated
soprano
soul
sound
soup
sour
source
south
sow
space
spare
spatial
speaker
specialist
species
specified
specimen
spectrum
speculate
speech
speed
spell
spend
sphere
spider
spill
spin
spinach
spine
spirit
spit
spite
split
splurge
spoil
spokesperson
spontaneous
spoon
sport
spot
spray
spread
spring
spy
squad
square
squash
squeeze
stab
stable
stadium
staff
stage
stain
staircase
stake
stall
stamp
stand
standard
star
stare
start
state
statement
station
statistical
statistics
statue
stay
steady
steak
steam
steel
steep
stem
step
stereotype
steward
stick
sticky
still
stimulation
sting
stir
stitch
stock
stomach
stone
stool
stop
storage
store
storm
story
straight
straighten
strain
strange
strap
strategic
straw
strawberry
stream
street
strength
stress
stretch
strict
stride
strike
strikebreaker
string
strip
stroke
stroll
strong
structural
structure
struggle
stubborn
student
studio
study
stuff
stumble
stun
stunning
stupid
style
subject
subjective
subsequent
substance
substitute
suburb
subway
success
successful
sudden
suffer
suffering
sufficient
sugar
suggest
suggestion
suicide
suit
suitcase
suite
sulphur
sum
summary
summer
summit
sun
Sunday
sunrise
sunshine
suntan
superintendent
superior
supermarket
supervisor
supplementary
supply
support
suppress
surface
surgeon
surgery
surprise
surprised
surprising
surround
survey
survival
survivor
suspect
suspicion
sustain
swallow
swarm
swear
sweat
sweater
sweep
sweet
swell
swim
swing
swipe
switch
swop
sword
syllable
symbol
symmetry
sympathetic
symptom
syndrome
system
systematic
table
tablet
tactic
tail
take
talented
talk
talkative
tall
tank
tap
tape
target
taste
tasty
tax
taxi
taxpayer
tea
teach
teacher
team
tear
tease
technical
technique
technology
teenager
telephone
television
tell
temperature
temple
temporary
tempt
temptation
tenant
tendency
tender
tennis
tense
tension
tent
term
terminal
terms
terrace
terrify
terrorist
test
testify
text
texture
thank
thanks
thaw
theater
theft
theme
theology
theorist
theory
therapist
therapy
thesis
thick
thigh
thin
think
thinker
thirsty
thought
thoughtful
thread
threat
threaten
threshold
throat
throne
throw
thrust
thumb
tick
ticket
tide
tidy
tie
tiger
tight
tile
timber
time
timetable
tin
tip
tiptoe
tire
tired
tissue
title
toast
toe
tolerant
tolerate
toll
tomato
ton
tone
tongue
tool
tooth
top
topple
torch
torture
toss
total
touch
tough
tourism
tourist
tournament
towel
tower
town
toxic
toy
trace
track
tract
traction
trade
tradition
traditional
traffic
tragedy
trail
train
trainer
training
trait
trance
transaction
transfer
transform
transition
translate
transmission
transparent
transport
trap
tray
tread
treasure
treasurer
treat
treatment
treaty
tree
tremble
trench
trend
trial
triangle
tribe
tribute
trick
trip
trivial
trolley
troop
tropical
trouble
trouser
truck
true
trunk
trust
trustee
truth
try
t-shirt
tube
tumble
tumour
tune
tunnel
turkey
turn
twilight
twin
twist
twitch
tycoon
typical
ugly
ulcer
ultimate
umbrella
unanimous
unaware
uncertainty
uncle
uncomfortable
underline
undermine
understand
understanding
undertake
undress
uneasy
unemployed
unemployment
unexpected
unfair
unfortunate
uniform
union
unique
unit
unity
university
unlawful
unlike
unlikely
unpleasant
unrest
update
upset
urban
urge
urgency
urine
use
useful
useless
user
usual
utter
vacant
vacuum
vague
vain
valid
valley
valuable
value
van
variable
variant
variation
varied
variety
vat
vector
vegetable
vegetarian
vegetation
vehicle
veil
vein
velvet
venture
Venus
verbal
verdict
version
vertical
vessel
veteran
viable
vicious
victim
victory
video
view
vigorous
villa
village
villager
violation
violent
virgin
virtue
virus
visible
vision
visit
visitor
visual
vitamin
vocational
voice
volcano
volume
voluntary
volunteer
vote
voter
voucher
voyage
vulnerable
wage
wagon
waist
wait
waiter
wake
walk
wall
wander
want
war
ward
wardrobe
warm
warn
warning
warrant
warrior
wash
waste
watch
water
waterfall
wave
way
weak
weakness
wealth
weapon
wear
wear out
weather
weave
wedding
weed
week
weekend
weekly
weigh
weight
welcome
welfare
well
west
wet
whale
wheat
wheel
whip
whiskey
whisper
white
whole
widen
widow
width
wife
wild
wilderness
wildlife
will
willpower
win
wind
window
wine
wing
winner
winter
wipe
wire
wise
wisecrack
witch
withdraw
withdrawal
witness
wolf
woman
wonder
wood
wool
word
wording
work
worker
work out
workshop
world
worm
worry
worth
wound
wrap
wreck
wrestle
wriggle
wrist
write
writer
written
wrong
X-ray
yacht
yard
yawn
year
yearn
young
youth
zero
zone


the
be
and
of
to
a
in
have
you
it
he
for
they
not
that
we
I
on
with
do
this
as
she
at
but
from
by
will
or
say
go
so
all
about
if
one
would
know
there
which
can
get
think
like
more
who
when
what
make
time
see
up
people
some
out
good
other
year
well
because
very
just
no
take
come
could
use
work
then
now
also
than
into
only
want
look
new
give
first
way
thing
find
any
over
right
after
day
where
most
should
need
much
how
back
mean
may
such
here
really
even
company
many
child
tell
last
call
down
before
man
through
show
life
between
lot
feel
place
change
long
too
pause
still
write
problem
talk
try
something
unclear
same
great
number
leave
little
both
meet
help
own
ask
part
country
put
point
start
school
each
become
interest
old
off
another
different
high
next
include
late
why
live
end
world
week
must
while
never
study
kind
report
play
house
group
might
yes
home
course
let
case
system
again
woman
hear
family
book
seem
around
during
keep
big
follow
every
question
under
important
always
friend
however
set
hand
provide
small
turn
state
begin
run
since
early
money
few
bring
market
information
area
move
business
service
government
fact
issue
thank
large
result
order
read
month
increase
name
love
word
without
open
pay
offer
build
hold
happen
against
away
job
buy
though
today
example
believe
plan
second
program
student
form
young
lead
face
close
room
hope
cost
head
understand
hour
far
spend
car
actually
level
city
present
less
idea
reason
learn
until
member
process
person
experience
night
support
sure
sort
quite
bad
once
enough
although
within
age
term
whether
able
share
line
product
speak
side
train
soon
low
price
public
often
rate
possible
least
parent
consider
effect
rather
control
view
story
local
anything
together
value
hard
stand
visit
watch
color
party
continue
bit
ever
eye
base
concern
letter
center
lose
yet
almost
development
already
test
probably
sale
suggest
nothing
whole
care
deal
language
send
fall
expect
return
water
allow
per
cause
power
sit
walk
mother
subject
develop
stay
record
mind
remember
past
office
force
grow
town
light
stop
several
period
class
matter
food
social
require
political
win
decide
staff
figure
real
future
policy
answer
laugh
among
remain
ago
type
shop
security
receive
minute
note
fund
top
game
involve
account
half
history
create
break
moment
individual
across
either
music
further
yeah
reach
clear
rule
computer
wait
sound
team
along
research
appear
drive
activity
black
produce
free
general
body
please
toward
sense
perhaps
everything
add
law
sell
easy
full
film
model
war
forward
himself
maybe
morning
design
pass
condition
near
door
human
above
available
position
agree
short
situation
paper
cover
major
customer
father
choose
bear
someone
describe
main
date
event
nice
special
certain
phone
join
else
girl
sometimes
table
community
carry
decision
president
role
particular
cut
difference
die
eat
enjoy
rise
especially
detail
data
charge
practice
cell
improve
kid
action
strong
happy
health
economic
difficult
regard
travel
approach
amount
investment
draw
white
site
round
behind
claim
step
patient
true
teacher
range
percent
themselves
organization
vote
front
measure
trade
therefore
finally
raise
wear
industry
explain
relationship
quality
accord
outside
wish
death
project
land
sign
boy
news
risk
total
couple
national
list
opportunity
act
sport
road
kill
serve
education
picture
likely
benefit
standard
stage
performance
rest
certainly
culture
focus
arrive
itself
employee
upon
voice
due
technology
field
air
material
current
teach
financial
century
society
analysis
limit
evidence
reduce
listen
usually
lie
foot
single
common
space
realize
former
animal
instead
similar
thus
address
leader
complete
arm
function
factor
chance
mention
contact
exist
response
demand
accept
save
opinion
pick
wrong
apply
compare
suppose
choice
structure
fight
relate
feature
firm
ground
effort
source
pretty
check
okay
campaign
street
foreign
attention
personal
park
particularly
knowledge
contain
official
court
bank
wife
article
management
manager
section
guy
finish
fine
store
attack
stock
discuss
prepare
fire
piece
heart
forget
police
recent
behavior
represent
growth
page
holiday
affect
establish
wonder
poor
manage
addition
bed
simply
recently
yesterday
sorry
surprise
art
method
fast
purchase
stuff
international
drink
myself
worry
whatever
private
determine
summer
evening
influence
exactly
average
everyone
drop
miss
significant
production
inside
tomorrow
region
attempt
cent
shall
contract
smile
skill
medium
necessary
economy
various
notice
key
nature
population
nation
hit
occur
plant
election
catch
director
review
military
statement
worker
respect
paint
player
capital
press
movie
tax
environment
son
hotel
size
item
image
drug
simple
indeed
series
window
final
purpose
treatment
club
file
department
bus
wall
direct
character
race
gain
fit
enter
agreement
fail
season
college
seek
achieve
beautiful
station
alone
below
clothes
attend
argue
success
lack
comment
option
herself
pull
church
advantage
identify
link
indicate
aim
income
specific
floor
discussion
associate
recognize
tree
unit
loss
mark
challenge
depend
wide
anyway
mile
solution
board
clearly
anyone
machine
marry
relation
theory
despite
introduce
prove
ability
popular
modern
doctor
release
score
access
television
ready
strike
target
card
potential
organize
pattern
clock
village
nearly
movement
propose
guess
fear
operation
trip
hair
supply
quickly
application
sleep
network
strategy
interview
hospital
red
husband
degree
star
generally
restaurant
yourself
author
pressure
task
express
competition
serious
reference
treat
conclusion
brother
natural
everybody
touch
beyond
define
basis
trouble
deep
dark
energy
fish
sing
sample
refer
adult
positive
except
promise
disease
dress
throw
worth
clean
fill
somebody
property
operate
profit
goal
bar
advance
quarter
central
cold
object
style
obviously
push
tend
assume
normal
suffer
exchange
middle
blue
match
officer
avoid
reflect
useful
fun
huge
instance
seat
document
oil
message
net
argument
successful
box
resource
pound
facility
throughout
bill
debate
speech
separate
baby
male
prefer
earn
maintain
hot
career
doubt
exercise
previous
daily
search
suddenly
fly
basic
ring
dog
asset
science
perform
balance
song
weekend
dead
encourage
protect
damage
imagine
afternoon
estimate
photo
context
credit
newspaper
daughter
version
variety
extend
proposal
professional
sister
dollar
memory
mine
ahead
nor
request
post
original
female
green
dance
dream
observe
inform
communication
discover
garden
track
screen
agency
possibility
examine
legal
university
recommend
text
direction
responsibility
conversation
magazine
easily
favorite
rock
independent
additional
agent
complex
appropriate
invite
traditional
cross
sea
reply
famous
software
weight
shape
completely
trial
shoot
weather
administration
fix
judge
absolutely
user
element
welcome
announce
glass
stick
requirement
difficulty
laughter
effective
survey
invest
majority
primary
generation
federal
wind
replace
writer
stress
committee
principle
content
unless
immediately
percentage
equipment
telephone
title
budget
transfer
blood
scene
conduct
chair
sector
expensive
executive
beat
wonderful
warm
copy
none
negative
annual
prevent
rich
block
payment
collection
advice
politics
remove
ensure
medical
hang
relative
directly
count
transport
safe
email
mix
display
ride
flow
highly
flat
leg
procedure
contrast
straight
correct
connection
institution
admit
consumer
video
reveal
radio
otherwise
nobody
aware
appeal
alternative
status
award
surface
heavy
handle
cry
sex
introduction
deliver
tour
pair
collect
extra
intend
reader
cheap
decade
sentence
farm
overall
moreover
expression
concert
dinner
print
responsible
decline
grant
physical
trust
ship
speed
south
truth
select
category
fair
attitude
peace
band
lay
importance
perfect
launch
wave
presence
crime
horse
advertise
progress
global
chief
slightly
scale
double
nuclear
warn
extent
library
labor
respond
edge
partner
experiment
pain
satisfy
taxi
slow
suit
spot
regular
excite
concept
guide
initial
speaker
dry
secretary
shake
photograph
scheme
technique
tonight
apart
rain
suggestion
cool
distance
defense
north
conflict
lift
river
excellent
expert
favor
funny
eventually
heat
mistake
dear
improvement
chapter
emerge
football
demonstrate
artist
reform
adopt
corner
audience
decrease
struggle
roll
island
feed
camp
surround
investor
fully
fee
crowd
senior
arrange
expense
cook
combine
cultural
map
meal
weapon
contribution
shift
ball
cash
entire
reality
lesson
solve
kitchen
failure
circumstance
confirm
mouth
busy
contribute
tool
objective
gas
lady
quick
currently
spread
driver
glad
beach
commercial
basically
pop
variable
brain
cancer
reaction
proceed
neither
crisis
hide
refuse
consequence
volume
bag
trend
traffic
mass
left
owner
length
vary
revenue
duty
repeat
mountain
unfortunately
survive
bedroom
schedule
marriage
employ
smoke
essential
ticket
critical
fan
flight
relatively
equal
egg
bottom
somewhere
plus
novel
coach
pleasure
promote
background
union
neighbor
provision
appreciate
plane
topic
code
secret
enable
package
manufacture
shareholder
investigation
attract
bird
path
swim
afraid
bond
environmental
finger
anybody
flower
colleague
insurance
consideration
settle
powerful
quiet
burn
engineer
component
waste
aid
earth
extremely
desire
tire
apparently
breath
strength
delay
connect
nurse
brief
sum
soldier
hardly
lunch
strange
religious
battle
whereas
construction
engage
district
hate
boat
stone
gather
advertisement
tourist
divide
expand
delivery
historical
tradition
museum
mostly
host
shoulder
broad
council
commit
spring
troop
jump
healthy
fresh
conclude
furthermore
finance
threat
studio
safety
bomb
active
winter
export
acquire
blow
sun
obvious
coffee
bind
visitor
generate
tape
cycle
assess
editor
spirit
scientist
tear
monitor
location
actual
actor
twice
corporate
minister
murder
comfortable
hurt
pool
assessment
wash
register
regulation
temperature
violence
route
impossible
recall
army
sight
error
accident
usual
tough
opposite
wine
relax
noise
carefully
characteristic
possibly
camera
shock
convince
arrangement
oppose
climb
slowly
relevant
consist
principal
lawyer
manner
gun
onto
locate
domestic
pack
protein
kiss
branch
voter
vehicle
civil
literature
mainly
theater
stare
totally
freedom
quote
industrial
significantly
guest
commitment
capacity
description
skin
taste
perspective
belong
normally
ought
till
participant
comparison
belief
dangerous
representative
signal
fashion
technical
interaction
deny
friendly
previously
participate
danger
gold
occasion
square
leadership
gift
mobile
shoe
border
label
load
prison
wood
ad
suitable
internal
west
affair
cup
outcome
discount
ignore
suspect
citizen
definition
arrest
largely
desk
destroy
hall
investigate
familiar
loan
remind
explore
tea
index
recommendation
complain
hi
poll
wed
escape
switch
fairly
lovely
permit
dad
import
association
bright
predict
division
debt
shout
device
wake
proper
definitely
analyze
necessarily
victim
commission
amaze
employment
combination
conservative
guarantee
rank
protection
mouse
nevertheless
abuse
researcher
yield
root
secure
elect
chain
forest
arise
confidence
frame
shot
identity
afford
birth
tie
brand
instrument
hole
grade
threaten
hire
moral
phase
latter
typical
approve
strongly
factory
channel
judgment
proportion
concentration
resident
empty
opposition
selection
entirely
session
sexual
ice
master
narrow
graduate
increasingly
insist
license
bridge
concentrate
plenty
entry
reduction
farmer
respectively
notion
rent
odd
appearance
musical
bore
faithfully
reasonable
rely
presidential
sequence
soft
stretch
considerable
fuel
atmosphere
bottle
unique
practical
presentation
theme
hell
lock
prior
secondly
peak
mechanism
explanation
mail
nowadays
native
succeed
cast
wild
folk
ear
intelligence
sheet
journey
tiny
terrible
online
multiple
declare
engine
chairman
besides
mental
specifically
relief
professor
yard
celebrate
personality
construct
joint
row
via
capture
justice
constant
youth
coast
expectation
witness
blame
tone
seriously
honor
ourselves
electronic
dealer
disk
northern
chemical
somehow
hill
sky
fruit
fellow
guard
vision
impose
reserve
chart
surely
thin
minimum
variation
formal
frequently
verb
acquisition
retire
recover
seed
tip
instruction
mission
absence
fat
east
derive
ordinary
critic
helpful
gene
anywhere
lean
glance
ideal
neighborhood
smell
silence
disappear
lip
cat
passenger
compete
representation
rush
shut
disorder
maximum
complaint
careful
column
religion
legislation
employer
widely
protest
ancient
illustrate
faith
observation
command
reject
imply
ban
implement
approximately
qualify
somewhat
regional
assumption
temporary
attractive
plate
sad
frequency
weak
slip
victory
circle
academic
joke
county
hat
steal
dozen
kick
unable
settlement
accommodation
symptom
reporter
household
tennis
merely
emotion
tall
sick
calculate
scientific
accuse
criminal
estate
unlike
underlie
interpretation
corporation
criterion
appoint
enemy
beside
firstly
assistant
sweet
competitive
consistent
closely
equally
advise
liberal
meanwhile
impression
existence
exhibition
accompany
output
salary
attach
acknowledge
snow
properly
breast
prime
ill
reward
bother
primarily
gray
childhood
expose
everywhere
intention
discipline
medicine
input
differ
politician
wage
implication
substantial
adviser
permanent
infant
rare
angry
remark
alive
injury
pocket
knock
producer
currency
manufacturer
king
obligation
initiative
talent
breakfast
resolution
emotional
enhance
core
framework
phrase
gap
southern
storm
undertake
distinguish
priority
draft
democracy
pursue
urge
pilot
shirt
coat
lake
habit
emphasize
neck
immediate
yellow
sir
communicate
breathe
vast
origin
stable
enormous
negotiation
resolve
terrorist
bloody
retain
bone
mathematics
supplier
milk
panel
passage
fundamental
pupil
publication
winner
gentleman
elsewhere
examination
soul
forth
urban
contemporary
incident
integrate
swing
ratio
borrow
sufficient
motion
exam
boss
governor
effectively
diet
install
premise
abroad
hence
metal
convention
layer
typically
grateful
crash
incorporate
formation
classic
aircraft
sharp
highlight
climate
disappoint
defeat
retirement
defend
truly
self
clinical
nearby
distribute
reputation
creation
exclude
exhibit
specify
extreme
appointment
slide
lucky
brown
journalist
occupy
soil
educational
upper
correspond
sudden
tooth
freeze
gay
plastic
peer
exception
bet
excuse
plain
crop
rural
equivalent
dish
complicate
meat
collapse
luck
enterprise
update
restrict
subsequent
perfectly
originally
invitation
thick
encounter
proud
chip
analyst
valuable
bike
retail
calm
unusual
criticism
personally
beauty
plot
preserve
emergency
comfort
deserve
repair
severe
recognition
secondary
proof
capable
outline
depression
evaluate
pension
external
cope
emphasis
restriction
partly
aside
massive
intellectual
minority
revolution
submit
prospect
equation
unemployment
intervention
delight
mom
smart
illness
anymore
numerous
abandon
confuse
wheel
trace
crucial
split
efficient
dominate
database
drama
isolate
nose
port
spell
rapidly
dispute
landscape
inch
ultimately
phenomenon
profile
entertainment
assistance
boundary
gender
dramatic
educate
edition
wing
achievement
similarly
specialist
formula
innovation
festival
coverage
gate
pitch
unknown
slight
distinction
roof
scream
convert
minor
negotiate
pollution
era
episode
volunteer
infection
preparation
arrival
silver
electricity
unlikely
sink
grand
web
upset
transition
forecast
eliminate
agenda
prize
wire
crack
deeply
cable
pub
apparent
zone
fault
characterize
everyday
honest
supporter
inspire
whisper
hunt
welfare
toy
cloud
perceive
constraint
ease
solid
prisoner
expansion
agricultural
virtually
album
knee
bend
exposure
alter
pour
digital
satisfaction
tension
wet
perception
dimension
beer
tight
restore
sweep
interpret
anger
crew
assist
essay
assure
deposit
string
shower
elderly
extensive
truck
uniform
mood
detect
shadow
beneath
territory
mode
trail
sensitive
nervous
sail
parallel
hero
competitor
initially
transform
stream
breed
vital
attribute
awful
devote
stem
height
apologize
owe
alright
genetic
persuade
vice
recruit
steady
heavily
entrance
furniture
strain
random
justify
rarely
measurement
meter
pace
western
constitute
spare
designer
mature
evil
guilty
curve
jacket
false
demonstration
wound
frighten
muscle
scare
grass
substance
pink
symbol
foundation
tank
cite
extension
disaster
sigh
routine
cake
efficiency
membership
smooth
portion
mirror
tune
withdraw
resort
resistance
giant
bid
boot
naturally
summary
radical
van
mutual
entitle
fascinate
god
singer
broadcast
apartment
platform
whenever
conventional
independence
loose
reverse
illustration
loud
quantity
poem
damn
pose
depth
significance
planet
iron
gradually
approval
evaluation
wealth
visual
consult
sponsor
badly
trap
stupid
adjust
log
crazy
dirty
hesitate
gaze
creative
button
extraordinary
establishment
constantly
alcohol
throat
probability
vegetable
remarkable
dependent
steel
strip
sustain
ally
ethnic
pleasant
exceed
sugar
historian
brilliant
involvement
edit
philosophy
hypothesis
bread
drag
inner
statistic
liability
anticipate
league
seal
flood
grab
compensation
compound
segment
occasionally
spin
desert
operator
tower
newly
paragraph
advocate
bath
blind
confident
overcome
regularly
briefly
pure
counsel
disturb
silent
burden
behave
tap
valley
alarm
fantastic
preference
discovery
dare
skirt
eastern
cigarette
poverty
registration
offense
cousin
criticize
bowl
clause
impress
jury
venture
virus
anxiety
wrap
illegal
harm
overseas
survival
teenager
specialize
moderate
limitation
modify
accurate
chest
angle
comprehensive
rival
universal
adequate
tube
expenditure
tourism
mount
recovery
margin
mate
admire
gesture
stair
charm
musician
rapid
slave
amendment
format
incentive
consultant
deficit
mortgage
abstract
dig
literary
experimental
architecture
possess
opponent
keen
evolution
versus
burst
lend
custom
translate
cough
distinct
rough
surgery
buyer
pen
quietly
laboratory
capability
province
twin
chicken
mess
adapt
scholar
mad
precisely
therapy
frequent
wealthy
journal
composition
tissue
stroke
flash
champion
sand
promotion
charity
bury
tendency
barrier
cream
rid
brush
dialog
publisher
consequently
democratic
hurry
exact
abortion
govern
creature
whilst
privilege
dismiss
cap
participation
visible
twist
narrative
classical
assign
regret
motor
impressive
prompt
ruin
density
resist
rescue
coal
implementation
lecture
awareness
maintenance
inflation
greatly
successfully
psychological
institutional
dust
cancel
functional
scope
species
float
absolute
passion
airline
motivate
module
fold
theoretical
react
wooden
poet
counter
insight
partnership
stain
sake
automatically
penalty
rail
salt
contest
violent
bin
aggressive
pale
opera
undergo
embrace
pile
divorce
march
acceptable
literally
permission
allege
grammar
regulate
cluster
compromise
historic
diversity
immigrant
gallery
dedicate
pretend
tackle
castle
golf
celebration
embarrass
personnel
boost
roughly
pig
extract
injure
fulfill
mixture
announcement
biological
praise
disagree
electric
excess
depress
compose
fancy
continuous
complexity
friendship
stability
accomplish
comprise
holder
inquiry
weakness
tail
noun
civilian
weigh
racial
tale
evolve
poetry
fortune
potentially
mere
gently
server
sanction
guitar
profession
pump
chamber
veteran
shine
championship
joy
stake
gear
remote
entertain
reliable
strengthen
orange
rat
cheek
jail
forever
imagination
bias
possession
chat
servant
dramatically
carbon
curious
structural
neglect
compute
rear
ski
pot
revise
grin
snap
stimulate
adjustment
moon
printer
boom
situate
scan
cheese
pride
shell
grandmother
resign
supplement
bunch
clothing
ceremony
barely
firmly
pipe
maker
hopefully
trigger
stomach
destruction
pregnant
craft
intense
shelf
logic
indication
subsequently
happiness
presumably
magic
interior
menu
mystery
pro
greet
humor
concrete
flag
chocolate
shelter
guideline
cow
ownership
bless
summarize
knife
trick
wise
motivation
silly
pray
attachment
strict
cooperation
organic
reckon
uncle
surprisingly
regardless
coin
attraction
athlete
darkness
bite
harbor
stir
filter
romantic
determination
tender
tongue
transportation
reasonably
vessel
piano
envelope
slope
golden
catalog
belt
attendance
storage
pregnancy
invent
controversial
horrible
potato
ocean
lover
uncertainty
fiction
hint
nowhere
liquid
stranger
anxious
fool
leap
adventure
carpet
shade
portrait
hook
reflection
qualification
nerve
leather
exhaust
fragment
wander
distant
unite
bell
grain
monthly
altogether
differently
universe
weekly
empire
royal
fence
luxury
comedy
confusion
curtain
consume
stamp
flexible
innocent
tent
shore
voluntary
swear
genuine
panic
sheep
mayor
gentle
precise
raw
wherever
refugee
listener
weird
substitute
rice
aunt
excitement
fade
wipe
chase
slice
alongside
suspend
tournament
autumn
ugly
hello
fortunate
insure
lazy
ashamed
hunger
found
thirst


abdominal
absorb
absorption
accelerate
acceleration
accent
accumulate
accumulation
accuracy
accurately
acid
acidic
activate
actively
acute
adaptation
adaptive
adjacent
admission
adolescent
adverse
aerosol
aesthetic
affirm
afterward
aggregate
agriculture
airplane
algebra
algorithm
alien
alliance
allocate
allocation
altitude
aluminum
amino
amongst
amplitude
analogy
ancestor
anthropology
anti
antibiotic
antibody
antiquity
appendix
applause
apple
approximate
approximation
arbitrary
archaeology
architect
array
arrow
articulate
artifact
artificial
artistic
artwork
aspect
assembly
assert
assignment
athletic
atom
atomic
auction
audio
audit
authority
autonomy
availability
axiom
axis
backward
bacteria
bacterial
bang
bargain
barrel
basin
bat
beam
behavioral
bilingual
binary
biodiversity
biologist
biology
bizarre
blank
bleed
bodily
bonus
bound
bracket
breakdown
broadly
bubble
bucket
bulk
bullet
bundle
calcium
calculation
calculator
calculus
campus
candidate
capillary
capitalism
capitalist
carrier
cattle
censor
characterization
cheat
cheer
chemistry
chemotherapy
chess
chloride
chromosome
chronic
chunk
cinema
circa
circulate
circulation
civilization
clarify
classification
classify
classroom
clay
clever
click
client
clinic
clip
clone
closure
clue
coefficient
cognitive
coherent
collective
colonial
colony
comma
commentary
commodity
commonly
communicative
communist
compact
comparable
comparative
compensate
competence
competent
complement
complication
comply
composer
composite
comprehension
computation
conceive
conception
conceptual
conditional
conduction
cone
conference
configuration
confine
confound
congruent
connector
connotation
conscious
consciousness
consensus
consent
conservation
conserve
consonant
constitution
constrain
consultation
consumption
container
continent
continuity
contour
contradict
contradiction
contradictory
contrary
controversy
converge
convergence
coordinate
coordination
cord
coronary
corpus
correction
correctly
correlate
correlation
correspondence
corruption
cortex
credibility
criteria
critically
critique
crude
crystal
cue
cure
curriculum
cyclic
cylinder
damp
deadline
decay
deceive
defect
deficiency
definite
deflection
degrade
deliberately
delta
demonstrator
denominator
denote
dense
dependence
depict
derivative
descendent
descriptor
destination
detection
developmental
deviation
diagnose
diagnosis
diagnostic
diagram
dialect
diameter
diary
dictate
dictionary
differential
differentiate
differentiation
diffusion
dilemma
dilute
dimensional
dioxide
directive
disability
disadvantage
discharge
discourse
discrete
discrimination
displacement
dissection
dissertation
dissolve
distribution
disturbance
diverse
domain
dominance
dominant
domination
donor
dose
drain
drift
duration
dye
dynamic
ecological
ecology
economically
economist
effectiveness
elaborate
elastic
elasticity
electron
elementary
elevate
elevation
elimination
elite
embed
emergence
emission
emit
emperor
empirical
encode
enforcement
enormously
entity
entrant
enzyme
epidemic
epidemiology
equality
equilibrium
equivalence
erase
essence
essentially
estimation
ethical
ethics
evident
evolutionary
ex
execute
execution
exit
expertise
explicit
explicitly
exploit
exponential
fabric
facet
facilitate
factorial
faculty
fatigue
feedback
fertility
fetal
fever
fiber
fin
finite
flesh
flexibility
flip
fluid
flux
footnote
formally
formulation
forum
fossil
founds
fraction
fracture
freely
friction
fringe
fundamentally
fungus
fusion
gauge
generalization
generalize
genetically
genetics
ghost
globalization
goat
goodness
goods
gradient
gram
grammatical
graph
grasp
gravity
grid
gross
gut
habitat
halfway
handout
harvest
hawk
headquarter
hedge
helix
hepatitis
herbicide
hierarchy
hip
historically
homework
horizon
horizontal
hormone
hydrogen
identical
identification
ideology
illusion
immune
impact
implicit
importantly
impulse
incidence
incline
inclusion
incredible
incredibly
incumbent
independently
indicator
indifference
indigenous
indirect
individually
induce
induction
industrialization
industrialize
inequality
inevitably
infect
infectious
inference
inferior
infinite
infinity
influential
informal
inhibit
inhibition
initiate
initiation
inject
injection
innate
insect
insert
instability
instinct
integral
integration
intensity
intensive
interact
interestingly
interface
interfere
intermediate
interrupt
interval
intervene
interviewer
invade
invasion
inversion
invert
ion
irrelevant
irrigation
jazz
junior
justification
kidney
kilometer
lab
lateral
layout
leaf
lecturer
legend
legitimate
leisure
lever
lexical
liable
lifestyle
lifetime
likelihood
likewise
limb
linear
linguistic
linguistics
liter
liver
locally
locus
logical
longitudinal
loop
lump
lung
machinery
magnetic
magnitude
mall
manipulate
manipulation
manual
manuscript
marble
marginal
marker
marrow
maternal
mathematical
matrix
maximize
meaningful
mechanic
mechanical
media
mediate
membrane
memorize
mentor
mercury
merge
messenger
metabolism
metaphor
methodology
micro
mid
migrate
migration
millimeter
mineral
minimal
minimize
minus
missile
mobility
modification
mole
molecular
molecule
momentum
monetary
monkey
monopoly
morality
morphological
morphology
mortality
motif
motive
multi
multinational
multiply
mutation
myth
naked
namely
nasty
nationalism
neat
necessity
neo
nest
neural
neuron
neutral
nicely
niche
nitrogen
noble
node
noisy
nominal
non
nonetheless
nonlinear
norm
notation
novice
nucleus
null
numerical
nutrient
objection
obscure
observer
obtain
occupation
occurrence
offspring
onset
onwards
optical
optimal
optimum
oral
organ
organism
orient
orientation
oscillation
outer
outlet
overhead
overlap
overview
oxidize
oxygen
painful
par
paradigm
paradox
parameter
parcel
pardon
parental
parenthesis
partial
partially
particle
partition
pathway
peasant
periodic
peripheral
pest
pesticide
phenomenal
philosopher
philosophical
phonological
phosphate
photographic
physically
physician
physics
physiological
pi
planner
plantation
plausible
plug
plural
polar
pole
politically
portfolio
portray
portrayal
positively
poster
postgraduate
potassium
powder
practitioner
pragmatic
pre
precede
precipitate
precipitation
predator
prediction
predominantly
prejudice
preliminary
presume
prevalence
prey
primer
primitive
probe
problematic
processor
productive
productivity
profound
progression
progressive
projection
prominent
pronounce
proposition
protocol
proton
psychiatric
psychologist
psychology
publish
pulse
punch
punish
punishment
purely
puzzle
qualitative
quantitative
quantum
questionnaire
quiz
quotation
rack
radar
radiation
radius
rainfall
randomize
randomly
rational
rationality
ray
reactive
reactor
readily
realism
realistic
realm
receptor
recipe
reconstruct
regime
regression
rehabilitation
reinforce
rejection
reliability
render
repertoire
replacement
replicate
replication
reproduce
reproduction
republic
resemble
reservoir
residual
residue
resistant
respiratory
retrieve
revolutionary
rewrite
rhetoric
rhythm
ridiculous
ritual
robot
rope
rotate
rotation
rub
ruler
scatter
scenario
scholarship
scripture
scroll
secrete
sediment
selective
semantic
semester
semi
seminar
sensation
sensible
sensitivity
sensory
separately
separation
sexuality
shallow
shortly
shuttle
similarity
simplify
simulate
simulation
simultaneously
sin
singular
sketch
skip
slab
slash
slavery
slot
snake
sneeze
sniff
socialize
socially
sodium
solar
soluble
solute
solvent
sometime
sophisticate
span
spatial
specialty
specification
specimen
spectrum
sperm
sphere
splice
sponsorship
spontaneous
spray
stabilize
stack
stadium
stance
standardize
static
statistical
statistically
statistics
stereotype
stimulus
straightforward
strand
strategic
strictly
stripe
sub
subjective
subset
substitution
substrate
subtle
subtract
sufficiently
suicide
super
superior
supposedly
surgeon
surgical
surplus
susceptible
sustainable
swap
swell
sword
syllable
syllabus
symbolic
syndrome
syntactic
syntax
synthesis
synthetic
systematic
tech
technically
temporal
tempt
tense
terminal
terminology
terribly
textbook
theorem
theorist
thereby
thermal
thesis
thickness
thread
threshold
thumb
tolerance
ton
toxic
tract
traditionally
trait
trajectory
trans
transaction
transcribe
transcription
transformation
translation
transmission
transmit
transparency
transplant
trauma
treaty
tremendous
triangle
tribe
tricky
trivial
tropical
tumor
turbulent
tutor
ultimate
undergraduate
undermine
underneath
unemployed
unify
unintelligible
unity
unstable
uplift
upward
urine
usage
utility
utilize
utterance
vague
valid
validity
valve
variability
variance
variant
vector
vegetation
vein
velocity
verbal
vertical
viable
virtue
vitamin
vocabulary
volition
vowel
watershed
wavelength
weave
wheat
whereby
whichever
whoever
widespread
wisdom
workshop
yeast


hydrogen
helium
lithium
beryllium
boron
carbon
nitrogen
oxygen
fluorine-atom
neon
sodium
magnesium
aluminum
silicon
phosphorus
sulfur
chlorine
argon
potassium
calcium
scandium
titanium
vanadium-atom
chromium
manganese
iron
cobalt
nickel
copper
zinc
gallium
germanium
arsenic
selenium
bromine
krypton
rubidium-atom
strontium-atom
yttrium
zirconium
niobium
molybdenum
netium
ruthenium-atom
rhodium-atom
palladium
silver
cadmium
indium
tin
antimony
tellurium
iodine
xenon
cesium
barium
lanthanum
cerium
praseodymium
neodymium
ethium
samarium
europium
gadolinium
terbium-atom
dysprosium
holmium
erbium
thulium-atom
ytterbium
lutetium
hafnium
tantalum
tungsten
rhenium
osmium
iridium
platinum
gold
mercury
thallium-atom
lead
bismuth
polonium-atom
astatine
radon
francium
radium
actinium
thorium-atom
protactinium
uranium
neptunium
plutonium
americium
curium
berkelium
californium
einsteinium
fermium
mendelevium
nobelium
lawrencium
rutherfordium
dubnium
seaborgium
bohrium
hassium
meitnerium


compassion
equanimity
empathy
donate
patience
meditation
ethics
reincarnation
rebirth
tranquil
benevolence
forbearance
diligence
wisdom
calm
mindful
awake
mudita
self-control
virtue
moral
samsara
holy
divine
cosmos
emptiness
impermanence
god
soul
mindstream
illusion
mana
animism
stretch
posture
yoga
goal
liberation
myth
legend
story
truthfulness
chastity
safety
charity
diet
fortitude
simplicity
purity
contentment
introspection
contemplation
remorse
humility
mantra
ritual
ascetic
jewel
lotus
compassionate
meditate
buddha


compile
username
password
disk
central
processing
unit
graphics
hard
modem
monitor
mouse
network
interface
card
printer
applications
bit
boot
browser
bug
byte
click
database
diskette
double
download
drag
driver
frequently
asked
questions
file
folder
graphical
user-
interface
internet
protocol
memory
menu
peripheral
random
read-only
scroll
spreadsheet
tool
bar
status
radio
select
bit
octet
digit
binary
trinary
setup
assign
encode
decode
documentation
readme
buffer
algorithm
analog
app
application
array
backup
bandwidth
binary
bit
bitmap
bite
blog
blogger
bookmark
boot
broadband
browser
buffer
bug
bus
byte
cache
caps-lock
captcha
cd
client
clip-art
clip-board
cloud-computing
command
compile
compress
computer
computer-program
configure
cookie
copy
central-processing-unit
cybercrime
cyberspace
dashboard
data
database
data-mining
debug
decompress
delete
desktop
development
digital
disk
domain-name-system
document
domain
domain-name
dot
dot-matrix
download
drag
dvd
dynamic
email
emoticon
encrypt
encryption
enter
exabyte
frequently-asked-questions
file
finder
firewall
firmware
flaming
flash
flash-drive
floppy-disk
flowchart
folder
font
format
frame
freeware
gigabyte
graphics
hack
hacker
hardware
home-page
host
html
hyperlink
hypertext
icon
inbox
integer
interface
internet
ip-address
iteration
java
joystick
junk-mail
kernel
key
keyboard
keyword
laptop
laser-printer
link
login
log-out
logic
lurking
mainframe
macro
malware
media
memory
mirror
modem
monitor
motherboard
mouse
multimedia
net
network
node
notebook-computer
offline
online
open-source
operating-system
option
output
page
password
paste
path
phishing
piracy
pirate
platform
plug-in
podcast
pop-up
portal
print
printer
privacy
process
program
programmer
protocol
queue
qwerty
random-access-memory
real-time
reboot
resolution
restore
read-only-memory
root
router
runtime
save
scan
scanner
screen
screenshot
script
scroll
scroll-bar
search-engine
security
server
shareware
shell
shift
shift-key
snapshot
social-networking
software
spam
spammer
spreadsheet
status-bar
storage
spyware
supercomputer
surf
syntax
table
tag
template
terabyte
teminal
text-editor
thread
toolbar
trash
trojan-horse
typeface
undo
unix
upload
user-interface
username
url
user
utility
version
virtual
virtual-memory
virus
web
web-host
webmaster
website
widget
window
wireless
wiki
word-processor
workstation
world-wide-web
worm
www
xml
zip
virtual-reality
contents
pointer
list
hash


foundations
number
discrete
mathematics
mathematicians
mathematical
notation
mathematical
beauty
mathematics
education
foundations
of
mathematics
mathematical
logic
proof
godel's
incompleteness
theorems
model
recursion
set
naive
set
axiomatic
set
category
topos
number
algebraic
number
analytic
number
arithmetic
numbers
natural
numbers
prime
numbers
rational
numbers
algebraic
numbers
discrete
mathematics
combinatorics
combinatorial
coding
combinatorial
design
enumerative
combinatorics
combinatorial
optimization
graph
order
lattice
algebra
analysis
geometry
and
topology
applied
mathematics
algebra
elementary
algebra
abstract
algebra
group
ring
field
commutative
algebra
geometric
algebra
linear
algebra
matrix
multilinear
algebra
universal
algebra
source
analysis
calculus
vector
calculus
geometric
calculus
measure
real
analysis
complex
analysis
differential
equations
ordinary
differential
equations
partial
differential
equations
integral
equations
approximation
special
functions
potential
harmonic
analysis
fourier
analysis
functional
analysis
operator
geometry
euclidean
trigonometry
analytic
non
euclidean
affine
projective
convex
discrete
algebraic
differential
riemannian
lie
groups
topology
general
topology
algebraic
topology
geometric
topology
differential
topology
applied
mathematics
mathematical
modeling
mathematical
physics
dynamical
systems
control
calculus
of
variations
optimization
mathematical
economics
game
mathematical
finance
statistics
probability
stochastic
processes
numerical
analysis
theoretical
computer
science
computability
complexity
cryptography
information
theory
add  g
subtract g
divide g
multiply g
nth-power g
root g
logarithm g
absolute g
value
abstract
number
acute
angle
addition
algorithm
arctan
arithmetic
mean
arithmetic
sequence
associative
property
asymptote
axiom
average
avogadro's
number
binary
operation
brownian
motion
butterfly
effect
calculus
cartesian
coordinates
chaos
chord
circle
circumference
closure
property
coefficient
common
denominator
common
factor
common
logarithm
common
ratio
commutative
property
complementary
angles
complex
numbers
composite
number
congruent
constant
coordinate
cosine
law
counting
number
cube
root
curve
decimal
degree
of
an
angle
denominator
derivative
differential
equations
diameter
differential
calculus
differential
equation
digit
dimension
distributive
property
division
dynamics
e
equilibrium
even
number
exponent
exponential
function
extrapolation
factorial
factor
factorisation
fermat
prime
fibonacci
sequence
fractals
fraction
function
geometry
geometric
mean
geometric
sequence
goldbach
conjecture
gradient
greek
alphabet
harmonic
mean
hierarchy
of
operations
highest
common
factor
hypotenuse
i
identity
element
imaginary
number
improper
fraction
infinite
infinitesimal
integer
integral
calculus
integration
intersection
intercept
interpolation
inverse
function
irrational
number
iteration
least
squares
method
linear
linear
expression
literal
numbers
logarithm
logistic
model
lowest
common
multiple
matrix
mechanics
prime
mixed
number
modulus
multiplication
natural
logarithm
natural
number
numerator
obtuse
angle
odd
number
odds
ordinate
origin
parallel
perfect
number
permutation
perpendicular
pi
poisson
distribution
polar
equation
polygon
polynomial
precalculus
prime
factors
prime
number
probability
distributions
product
proper
divisor
proper
fraction
proportion
pythagoras
theorem
quadratic
equation
quotient
radian
radius
rate
ratio
rational
number
real
number
reciprocal
reflex
angle
repeating
decimal
right
angle
root
rounding
scalar
scientific
notation
secant
line
sequence
sigma
significant
figure
sine
law
skew
lines
stationary
point
straight
line
subtend
subtraction
supplementary
angles
tangent
law
expansions
transcendental
number
triangle
trigonometry
union
unit
variable
vector
vertex
whole
number
remainder


achieve
acquisition
alternative
analysis
approach
area
aspects
assessment
assume
authority
available
benefit
circumstances
comments
components
concept
consistent
corresponding
criteria
data
deduction
demonstrate
derived
distribution
dominant
elements
equation
estimate
evaluation
factors
features
final
function
initial
instance
interpretation
journal
maintenance
method
perceived
percent
period
positive
potential
previous
primary
principle
procedure
process
range
region
relevant
required
research
resources
response
role
section
select
significant
similar
source
specific
strategies
structure
theory
transfer
variables


abdominal
absorb
absorption
accelerate
acceleration
accent
accumulate
accumulation
accuracy
accurately
acid
acidic
activate
actively
acute
adaptation
adaptive
adjacent
admission
adolescent
adverse
aerosol
aesthetic
affirm
afterward
aggregate
agriculture
airplane
algebra
algorithm
alien
alliance
allocate
allocation
altitude
aluminum
amino
amongst
amplitude
analogy
ancestor
anthropology
anti
antibiotic
antibody
antiquity
appendix
applause
apple
approximate
approximation
arbitrary
archaeology
architect
array
arrow
articulate
artifact
artificial
artistic
artwork
aspect
assembly
assert
assignment
athletic
atom
atomic
auction
audio
audit
authority
autonomy
availability
axiom
axis
backward
bacteria
bacterial
bang
bargain
barrel
basin
bat
beam
behavioral
bilingual
binary
biodiversity
biologist
biology
bizarre
blank
bleed
bodily
bonus
bound
bracket
breakdown
broadly
bubble
bucket
bulk
bullet
bundle
calcium
calculation
calculator
calculus
campus
candidate
capillary
capitalism
capitalist
carrier
cattle
censor
characterization
cheat
cheer
chemistry
chemotherapy
chess
chloride
chromosome
chronic
chunk
cinema
circa
circulate
circulation
civilization
clarify
classification
classify
classroom
clay
clever
click
client
clinic
clip
clone
closure
clue
coefficient
cognitive
coherent
collective
colonial
colony
comma
commentary
commodity
commonly
communicative
communist
compact
comparable
comparative
compensate
competence
competent
complement
complication
comply
composer
composite
comprehension
computation
conceive
conception
conceptual
conditional
conduction
cone
conference
configuration
confine
confound
congruent
connector
connotation
conscious
consciousness
consensus
consent
conservation
conserve
consonant
constitution
constrain
consultation
consumption
container
continent
continuity
contour
contradict
contradiction
contradictory
contrary
controversy
converge
convergence
coordinate
coordination
cord
coronary
corpus
correction
correctly
correlate
correlation
correspondence
corruption
cortex
credibility
criteria
critically
critique
crude
crystal
cue
cure
curriculum
cyclic
cylinder
damp
deadline
decay
deceive
defect
deficiency
definite
deflection
degrade
deliberately
delta
demonstrator
denominator
denote
dense
dependence
depict
derivative
descendent
descriptor
destination
detection
developmental
deviation
diagnose
diagnosis
diagnostic
diagram
dialect
diameter
diary
dictate
dictionary
differential
differentiate
differentiation
diffusion
dilemma
dilute
dimensional
dioxide
directive
disability
disadvantage
discharge
discourse
discrete
discrimination
displacement
dissection
dissertation
dissolve
distribution
disturbance
diverse
domain
dominance
dominant
domination
donor
dose
drain
drift
duration
dye
dynamic
ecological
ecology
economically
economist
effectiveness
elaborate
elastic
elasticity
electron
elementary
elevate
elevation
elimination
elite
embed
emergence
emission
emit
emperor
empirical
encode
enforcement
enormously
entity
entrant
enzyme
epidemic
epidemiology
equality
equilibrium
equivalence
erase
essence
essentially
estimation
ethical
ethics
evident
evolutionary
ex
execute
execution
exit
expertise
explicit
explicitly
exploit
exponential
fabric
facet
facilitate
factorial
faculty
fatigue
feedback
fertility
fetal
fever
fiber
fin
finite
flesh
flexibility
flip
fluid
flux
footnote
formally
formulation
forum
fossil
founds
fraction
fracture
freely
friction
fringe
fundamentally
fungus
fusion
gauge
generalization
generalize
genetically
genetics
ghost
globalization
goat
goodness
goods
gradient
gram
grammatical
graph
grasp
gravity
grid
gross
gut
habitat
halfway
handout
harvest
hawk
headquarter
hedge
helix
hepatitis
herbicide
hierarchy
hip
historically
homework
horizon
horizontal
hormone
hydrogen
identical
identification
ideology
illusion
immune
impact
implicit
importantly
impulse
incidence
incline
inclusion
incredible
incredibly
incumbent
independently
indicator
indifference
indigenous
indirect
individually
induce
induction
industrialization
industrialize
inequality
inevitably
infect
infectious
inference
inferior
infinite
infinity
influential
informal
inhibit
inhibition
initiate
initiation
inject
injection
innate
insect
insert
instability
instinct
integral
integration
intensity
intensive
interact
interestingly
interface
interfere
intermediate
interrupt
interval
intervene
interviewer
invade
invasion
inversion
invert
ion
irrelevant
irrigation
jazz
junior
justification
kidney
kilometer
lab
lateral
layout
leaf
lecturer
legend
legitimate
leisure
lever
lexical
liable
lifestyle
lifetime
likelihood
likewise
limb
linear
linguistic
linguistics
liter
liver
locally
locus
logical
longitudinal
loop
lump
lung
machinery
magnetic
magnitude
mall
manipulate
manipulation
manual
manuscript
marble
marginal
marker
marrow
maternal
mathematical
matrix
maximize
meaningful
mechanic
mechanical
media
mediate
membrane
memorize
mentor
mercury
merge
messenger
metabolism
metaphor
methodology
micro
mid
migrate
migration
millimeter
mineral
minimal
minimize
minus
missile
mobility
modification
mole
molecular
molecule
momentum
monetary
monkey
monopoly
morality
morphological
morphology
mortality
motif
motive
multi
multinational
multiply
mutation
myth
naked
namely
nasty
nationalism
neat
necessity
neo
nest
neural
neuron
neutral
nicely
niche
nitrogen
noble
node
noisy
nominal
non
nonetheless
nonlinear
norm
notation
novice
nucleus
null
numerical
nutrient
objection
obscure
observer
obtain
occupation
occurrence
offspring
onset
onwards
optical
optimal
optimum
oral
organ
organism
orient
orientation
oscillation
outer
outlet
overhead
overlap
overview
oxidize
oxygen
painful
par
paradigm
paradox
parameter
parcel
pardon
parental
parenthesis
partial
partially
particle
partition
pathway
peasant
periodic
peripheral
pest
pesticide
phenomenal
philosopher
philosophical
phonological
phosphate
photographic
physically
physician
physics
physiological
pi
planner
plantation
plausible
plug
plural
polar
pole
politically
portfolio
portray
portrayal
positively
poster
postgraduate
potassium
powder
practitioner
pragmatic
pre
precede
precipitate
precipitation
predator
prediction
predominantly
prejudice
preliminary
presume
prevalence
prey
primer
primitive
probe
problematic
processor
productive
productivity
profound
progression
progressive
projection
prominent
pronounce
proposition
protocol
proton
psychiatric
psychologist
psychology
publish
pulse
punch
punish
punishment
purely
puzzle
qualitative
quantitative
quantum
questionnaire
quiz
quotation
rack
radar
radiation
radius
rainfall
randomize
randomly
rational
rationality
ray
reactive
reactor
readily
realism
realistic
realm
receptor
recipe
reconstruct
regime
regression
rehabilitation
reinforce
rejection
reliability
render
repertoire
replacement
replicate
replication
reproduce
reproduction
republic
resemble
reservoir
residual
residue
resistant
respiratory
retrieve
revolutionary
rewrite
rhetoric
rhythm
ridiculous
ritual
robot
rope
rotate
rotation
rub
ruler
scatter
scenario
scholarship
scripture
scroll
secrete
sediment
selective
semantic
semester
semi
seminar
sensation
sensible
sensitivity
sensory
separately
separation
sexuality
shallow
shortly
shuttle
similarity
simplify
simulate
simulation
simultaneously
sin
singular
sketch
skip
slab
slash
slavery
slot
snake
sneeze
sniff
socialize
socially
sodium
solar
soluble
solute
solvent
sometime
sophisticate
span
spatial
specialty
specification
specimen
spectrum
sperm
sphere
splice
sponsorship
spontaneous
spray
stabilize
stack
stadium
stance
standardize
static
statistical
statistically
statistics
stereotype
stimulus
straightforward
strand
strategic
strictly
stripe
sub
subjective
subset
substitution
substrate
subtle
subtract
sufficiently
suicide
super
superior
supposedly
surgeon
surgical
surplus
susceptible
sustainable
swap
swell
sword
syllable
syllabus
symbolic
syndrome
syntactic
syntax
synthesis
synthetic
systematic
tech
technically
temporal
tempt
tense
terminal
terminology
terribly
textbook
theorem
theorist
thereby
thermal
thesis
thickness
thread
threshold
thumb
tolerance
ton
toxic
tract
traditionally
trait
trajectory
trans
transaction
transcribe
transcription
transformation
translation
transmission
transmit
transparency
transplant
trauma
treaty
tremendous
triangle
tribe
tricky
trivial
tropical
tumor
turbulent
tutor
ultimate
undergraduate
undermine
underneath
unemployed
unify
unintelligible
unity
unstable
uplift
upward
urine
usage
utility
utilize
utterance
vague
valid
validity
valve
variability
variance
variant
vector
vegetation
vein
velocity
verbal
vertical
viable
virtue
vitamin
vocabulary
volition
vowel
watershed
wavelength
weave
wheat
whereby
whichever
whoever
widespread
wisdom
workshop
yeast


abide
aboard
absent
absorb
accent
acceptance
accessible
accessory
acclaim
accommodate
accomplishment
accordingly
accountant
accumulate
accuracy
accurately
accustom
activate
actively
actress
adapter
additionally
adhere
adjacent
administer
administrative
administrator
admission
advancement
advertiser
advisable
advisor
advisory
affirmative
affordable
afterward
airfare
airplane
airport
aisle
alert
alike
allergy
allocate
alternate
alternatively
amateur
ambassador
ambitious
amenity
ample
amuse
anew
anniversary
announcer
annoy
annually
antique
anyhow
anytime
apology
appendix
appetizer
apple
appliance
applicable
applicant
appraisal
appreciation
apprehensive
apprentice
approximate
arc
architect
architectural
archive
artistic
asleep
aspect
assemble
assembly
assignment
assurance
athletic
attain
attendant
attendee
attire
attorney
auction
audit
audition
auditor
auditorium
authentic
authority
authorization
authorize
auto
automate
automatic
automobile
automotive
availability
await
backpack
bacteria
badge
baggage
bake
baker
bakery
balcony
balloon
ballroom
banker
bankrupt
bankruptcy
banquet
barbecue
bargain
baseball
basement
basket
basketball
bathroom
battery
bean
beforehand
beginner
behalf
bench
beneficial
beverage
bicycle
biography
biology
birthday
blanket
blueprint
boardroom
bonus
bookcase
booklet
bookstore
booth
born
bound
brainstorm
brake
briefcase
broaden
brochure
broker
broom
browse
buffet
bug
bulb
bulk
bulletin
businessman
businessperson
butter
bye
by-law
cab
cabin
cabinet
café
cafeteria
cage
calculation
calculator
calendar
caller
campus
cancellation
candidate
candy
captain
careless
cargo
carpenter
carrier
cart
carton
cartridge
cashier
casual
cater
caterer
caution
cautious
ceiling
celebrity
cellphone
centimeter
certificate
certification
certify
chairperson
charitable
checkout
checkup
cheer
cheeseburger
chef
chemistry
chilly
chronic
cinema
circuit
circulate
circulation
circus
clap
clarify
classify
classmate
cleaner
cleanliness
clerk
click
client
clinic
clip
closet
closure
cloth
cloudy
clue
collaboration
collector
colorful
comb
comfortably
commerce
commonly
commute
commuter
compact
compartment
compatible
compensate
compile
completion
compliance
complication
compliment
complimentary
comply
comprehension
concierge
conditioner
condominium
conductor
conference
confidential
confirmation
conform
congestion
congratulate
congratulation
consecutive
consent
considerably
considerate
consignment
consistently
consultation
consumption
container
contestant
continental
contraction
contractor
contradict
contradiction
contrary
convenience
convenient
conveniently
convey
cookbook
cookie
cooler
cooperate
coordinate
coordinator
copier
copyright
cord
cordless
correction
correctly
correspondence
cosmetic
costly
costume
counselor
countryside
coupon
courier
courtesy
coworker
crane
creativity
criteria
cruise
culinary
cumulative
cushion
customize
daytime
deadline
dealership
debit
deck
decorate
decoration
dedication
deduct
deduction
defect
defective
definite
delegate
delete
delicate
delicious
deluxe
demolish
dental
dentist
depart
departmental
departure
dependable
dependence
descriptive
designate
desirable
desktop
desperate
dessert
destination
detach
deteriorate
devastate
developer
diagnose
diagnostic
diagram
dial
diamond
dine
diner
diploma
directory
disable
disagreement
disappointment
discard
disconnect
discontinue
discrepancy
disgust
dishwasher
dislike
dispatch
disposal
dispose
disrupt
disruption
dissatisfy
distract
distraction
distractor
distribution
distributor
dive
dividend
dock
documentary
documentation
donate
donation
donut
doorman
dose
download
downsize
downstairs
downtown
downturn
drastically
drawback
drawer
drill
drought
drum
dull
duplicate
durable
duration
dynamic
eager
earthquake
e-book
economical
economically
economist
economize
editorial
effectiveness
efficiently
electrical
electrician
electronically
elegant
elephant
elevate
elevator
eligible
embassy
embed
enclose
energetic
engagement
enjoyable
enroll
enrollment
enthusiasm
enthusiast
enthusiastic
enthusiastically
entrée
entrepreneur
environmentally
equip
erase
escalator
escort
ethics
euro
evacuate
evenly
evident
excellence
exceptional
excessive
exclusive
exclusively
excursion
exemption
exit
exotic
expedite
expertise
expiration
expire
explanatory
explorer
extinguisher
fabric
facilitate
factual
faculty
familiarity
familiarize
fare
farewell
fasten
fatigue
faulty
favorable
fax
feedback
ferry
finalize
firefighter
firework
fiscal
fitness
fixture
flavor
flaw
fleet
flexibility
flextime
flour
flu
fluctuate
fluent
flyer
fog
folder
footwear
forbid
foreman
fork
formally
fortunately
forum
foster
founder
fountain
franchise
freelance
freight
freighter
frustrate
fry
fundraise
furnish
gallon
garage
garbage
gardener
garment
gasoline
generalization
generator
generic
generous
genre
getaway
glove
goods
gossip
graduation
gram
graph
graphic
graphics
grill
grocery
guidance
gum
gym
gymnasium
habitual
hacker
hallway
hamburger
handbook
handy
hardware
hardworking
harmful
hazard
hazardous
headache
headphone
headquarter
healthcare
healthful
heater
helmet
hereby
hesitant
hesitation
highway
hike
hiker
hobby
homeless
homemade
homeowner
homework
honestly
hospitality
hotline
hourly
housekeep
housekeeper
humidity
hungry
hurricane
hygiene
ice cream
icy
ideally
identification
illogical
immigration
impact
impatient
imperative
inappropriate
inclusive
incoming
incomplete
inconvenience
incur
indicator
indirect
individually
indoor
induction
inefficient
inexpensive
inexperience
infer
inference
inflate
influential
informal
informative
ingredient
ink
innovative
inquire
insert
inspect
inspection
inspector
inspiration
installation
institute
instruct
instructor
insufficient
integral
intently
interactive
interfere
intern
internationally
internet
internship
interpreter
interrupt
intersection
intonation
introductory
invaluable
invention
inventory
invoice
irregular
irrelevant
irritate
itinerary
jam
jazz
jeans
jet
jewelry
jog
journalism
juice
junior
junk
keyboard
kilogram
kilometer
kit
knowledgeable
lab
ladder
lamp
landlord
lane
laptop
lately
laundry
lawn
layoff
layout
leak
lease
lecturer
leisure
lengthy
letterhead
librarian
lifeguard
lifestyle
lifetime
lighter
lightweight
likewise
liter
lobby
locally
locker
logical
login
logo
loudly
lounge
loyal
loyalty
luggage
luncheon
lunchtime
ma'am
machinery
malfunction
mall
managerial
mandatory
manual
mask
massage
maximize
meaningful
meantime
mechanic
mechanical
media
medication
memo
memorandum
memorize
mentor
merchandise
merchant
merge
merger
merit
messenger
microphone
microscope
microwave
midnight
mild
mileage
mineral
mini
minimize
misidentify
mislead
misplace
mister
modem
modification
monument
morale
mosquito
motorcycle
mower
nail
nap
nationwide
neat
necessity
necklace
needy
newsletter
newsstand
noisy
nominate
nomination
noon
notify
nutrition
obligate
oblige
obtain
occupancy
occupant
occupation
occurrence
o'clock
officially
omit
ongoing
operational
opt
optimistic
optional
orchestra
organizational
organizer
orientation
outage
outdate
outdoor
outfit
outlet
outlook
outstanding
oval
oven
overcharge
overcrowd
overdue
overhead
overlook
overnight
overpay
oversee
overtime
overview
packet
pad
painter
pamphlet
pan
pant
paperback
paperwork
parade
paralegal
paraphrase
parcel
partial
partially
passport
password
pasta
pastry
patent
patience
patron
payable
paycheck
payroll
pedestrian
penalize
pepper
performer
periodical
periodically
permanently
personalize
pet
petition
pharmaceutical
pharmacist
pharmacy
photocopier
photocopy
photographer
photography
physician
physics
picnic
pie
pill
pillow
pizza
placement
planner
plausible
plow
plug
plumber
pole
polish
polite
pollute
poorly
popcorn
popularity
portable
portfolio
postage
postal
postcard
poster
postpone
pottery
precede
prediction
preliminary
premium
prescribe
prescription
presenter
prestigious
preview
probable
productive
productivity
professionally
proficiency
profitable
programmer
prohibit
projection
projector
prominent
promotional
promptly
proofread
prospective
protective
provider
publicity
publicize
publish
punctual
purchaser
purse
purser
puzzle
quarterly
query
questionnaire
quit
rack
railway
raincoat
rainfall
rainy
ray
realistic
realtor
rearrange
reassure
rebate
receipt
reception
receptionist
recession
recipe
recipient
reconsider
recreation
recreational
recruiter
recruitment
recur
recycle
redecorate
redesign
referee
referral
refinery
reflexive
refresh
refreshment
refrigerator
refund
refundable
rehearsal
rehearse
reimburse
reimbursement
reinforce
relaxation
reliability
relieve
relocate
relocation
reluctant
remainder
reminder
remodel
removal
renew
renewal
renovate
renovation
renown
rental
renter
reopen
repairperson
repeatedly
repetition
replacement
reproduce
reschedule
resemble
reservation
residence
residential
resignation
respondent
restatement
restroom
résumé
resume
retailer
retreat
retrieve
reunion
reviewer
revision
revolutionize
rewrite
rider
rose
rubber
rug
rumor
runner
safely
salad
salesman
salespeople
salesperson
salon
sandwich
satellite
satisfactory
sauna
scarf
scenery
scholarship
sculpture
seafood
seaside
seasonal
sedan
seeker
seldom
seller
semester
seminar
sender
separately
serial
sew
sewer
sharply
shipment
shopper
shortage
shorten
shortly
showroom
shuttle
sidewalk
sightsee
signature
signify
silently
similarity
simplify
sincerely
skate
skateboard
sketch
skim
sleepy
sleeve
slot
smartphone
smoothly
snack
snowy
soap
soar
soccer
sock
sofa
solar
someday
sometime
soup
spa
spacious
spam
specially
specialty
specification
spectator
spill
spite
spokesperson
spouse
spray
spreadsheet
stack
stadium
staple
stapler
stationery
statistics
statue
steadily
steak
steer
stereo
sticker
stimulus
stockbroker
stockholder
storeroom
strategic
streamline
strictly
stripe
submission
subscribe
subscriber
subscription
subsidize
substantially
subtract
suburb
subway
sue
suitcase
suite
sunny
sunscreen
sunshine
superb
superior
supermarket
supervise
supervisor
surf
suspicious
sweater
tablecloth
tablet
tactic
tag
tailor
takeover
taker
tasty
tech
technician
teen
telecommunication
teller
temporarily
tempt
tenant
terminal
terminate
termination
terrific
textbook
theft
thirsty
thorough
thoroughly
thrill
thunderstorm
tidy
tile
timeline
timely
timer
timetable
toiletry
toll
tomato
ton
toner
tow
towel
trademark
traditionally
trainee
trainer
transaction
transit
translation
translator
transmission
transmit
trash
traveler
tray
tremendous
tropical
tuition
tuna
tunnel
turnover
umbrella
unattended
unauthorize
unavailable
uncomfortable
underground
underline
underway
unemployed
unexpected
unfamiliar
unhappy
unlimited
unload
unnecessary
unpaid
unpleasant
unplug
unreal
unreliable
unspecified
unsure
unused
unusually
upcoming
upgrade
upstairs
urgent
urgently
usage
utility
vacancy
vacant
vacate
vacation
vacuum
valid
validate
vanilla
vase
vegetarian
vend
vendor
venue
verbal
verify
videoconference
violate
violation
violin
visa
vitamin
volleyball
voucher
waiter
waitress
waive
walkway
wallet
ward
warehouse
warranty
webpage
website
weekday
wellness
whale
wheelchair
whoever
wildlife
willingness
windy
wireless
wisely
withdrawal
wool
workbook
workforce
workplace
workshop
worldwide
worthwhile
wrinkle
wristwatch
yearly
yen
yoga
zoo


