nominative-case g 2 ja が 
accusative-case g 2 ja を 
dative-case g 2 en of
topic-case g 2 ja は 
instrumental-case g 2 
adpositional-case g 2
location-case g 2 en at
source-case g 2 en from
space-deixis g 2
destination-case g 2
way-case g 2
realis-mood g 2
irrealis-mood g 2
interior-deixis g 2 en in
surface-deixis g 2 en on
under-deixis g 2 en under
state-deixis g 2 
social-deixis g 2
discourse-deixis g 2 
space-deixis g 2
time-deixis g 2
person-deixis g 2
question-word g 2
genitive-case g 2
ablative-case g 
locative-case g 
posessive-case g 
possessed-case g 
vocative-case g 2
infinitive g 2
perfective-aspect g 2
imperfective-aspect g 2
inchoative-aspect g
cessative-aspect g
gnomic-aspect g
habitual-aspect g
momentane-aspect g
continuous-aspect g 
completive-aspect g
progressive-aspect g
delimitative-aspect g
retrospective-aspect g
prospective-aspect g
past-tense g 2
present-tense g 2
future-tense g 2
soon-future-tense g
remote-future-tense g
remote-past-tense g
recent-past-tense g
deontic-mood g 2
epistemic-mood g 2
conditional-mood g 2
eventive-mood g 
permissive-mood g
commissive-mood g
permissive-mood g
prhobitive-mood g
directive-mood g
imeprative-mood g
hortative-mood g
precative-mood g
jussive-mood g
volitive-mood g
desiderative-mood g
optative-mood g
benedictive-mood g
imprecative-mood g
interrogative-mood g
speculative-mood g
atelic-aspect g
telic-aspect g
inferential-mood g
inductive-mood g
relativizer g
evidential-case g
plural g 2
singular g
dual-number g
trial-number g
paucal-number g
multal-number g
collective-noun g
distributive-pronoun g
inclusive g 
exclusive g
number g
length g
mass g
time g
name g
electric-current g
temperature g
amount-of-substance g
luminous-intensity g
existential-quantifier g
elective-quantifier g
universal-quantifier g
negatory-quantifier g
alternative-quantifier g
conjunction g
inclusive-disjunction g
exclusive-disjunction g
specific-article g
definite-article g
indefinite-article g
unspecific-article g
abstract-gender g
vegetal-gender g
mineral-gender g
zoic-gender g
rational-gender g
artistic-gender g
research-gender g
vehicle-gender g
locality-gender g
planetary-gender g
star-gender g
galaxy-gender g
universe-gender g
neuter-gender g
masculine-gender g
feminine-gender g
anthropic-gender g
diminutive g
augmentative g
inanimate-gender g
animate-gender g
topic-case g 2
