first-person g
second-person g
third-person g
agent g
abessive-case g
ablative-case g 3
absolutive-case g
accusative-case g
accompanier g
actor-role g
adjective g
adessive-case g
admonitive-mood g
adverbial-case g
affirmative-mood g
agentive-case g
agreement g
allative-case g
allocutive-agreement g
alienable-possession g
animate-gender g
andative g
antessive-case g
anticausative g
antipassive-voice g 3
aorist g
apposition g
applicative-voice g 3
apprehensive-mood g
approximative g
article g
aspect g
associative-case g
agent-trigger g
attenuative g
auditory-evidential g 3
augmentative g
auxiliary-verb g
core-benefactive g
benefactive-case g 3
common-gender g
modal-case g
causative g
centric-case g
counterfactual-conditional g
circumfix g
citation-form g
classifier g
conjunction g
consequential g
collective-noun g
comitative-case g 3
comparative g
completive-aspect g
concessive g
conditional-mood g
conjunction g
connective-particle g
continuous-aspect g
contrastive g
copula g 2
coreference g
crastinal-tense g
current-relevance-marker g
converb g
dative-case g
different-event g
change-of-event g
declarative-mood g
definite g
deixis g
delayed-imperative g
delative-case g
deliberative-mood g
demonstrative g
deontic-mood g
dependent g
desiderative-mood g
determiner g
detransitive g
motion-downhill g 3
diminutive g
direct-evidential g 3
disjunction g
distal-demonstrative g
distributive-case g
ditransitive g
delimited g
discourse-marker g
direct-object g
motion-downriver g 3
different-subject g
dual-number g
dubitative-mood g
delimitative-aspect g
dyadic g
epenthetic-morpheme g
elative-case g
emphatic g
epistemic-mood g
ergative-case g
essive-case g 3
evidential g 3
evitative-case g
exclusive-person g
exclamative g
excessive-duration g
exessive-case g
exhortative g
existential-clause g
exocentric-case g
experiential g
expletive g
feminine-gender g
factive-evidential g 3
familiar-register g
finite-verb g
focus g
formal-register g
final-particle g
frequentative-aspect g
former-deceased g
future-tense g
genitive-case g
gerund g
gnomic-mood g
goal-trigger g
habitual-aspect g
humble-register g
hesternal-tense g
historic-tense g
hodiernal-tense g
honorific g
hortative g
reported-evidential g 3
anthropic-gender g
hypothetical-mood g
inflected g
identical g
identifiable g
ideophone g
ignorative g
illative-case g
immediate g
imperative-mood g
imperfect g
imprecative-mood g
impersonal-verb g
inclusive-person g
inalienable-possession g
inanimate-gender g
inchoative-aspect g
indicative-mood g
indefinite g
inessive-case g
infinitive g
inferential-evidential g 3
inelative-case g
instrumental-case g 3
intensifier g
intentional g
intransitive g
inverse g
indirect-object g
imperfective-aspect g
irrealis-mood g
indirect-speech g
jussive-mood g
lative-case g
second-language g
locative-directional-case g
linker g
locative-case g
logophoric g
masculine-gender g
manner g
middle-voice g 3 
mimetic g
mirative g
multiplicative-case g
single-action-verb g 3
movement g
neuter-gender g
negation g
non-human g
nominalization g
nominative-case g
oblique-case g
intransitive g
numeral g
patient-case g
objective-case g
oblique-case g
obviative g
optative-mood g
prehodiernal g
participle g
passive-voice g 3
patientive g
paucal-number g
pegative-case g
perlative-case g
retrospective-aspect g
personal g
perfective-aspect g
plural-number g
pluractional g
phrase-marker g
pronoun-marker g
primary-object g
polite-register g
possessive-marker g
postpositional-case g
postessive-case g
potential-mood g
passive-participle g
past-passive-participle g
past-perfective g
proper-noun g
predicative g
precative-mood g
prepositional-case g
present-participle g
preterite g
present-tense g
probability g
progressive-aspect g
prohibitive-mood g
prolative-case g
propositive-mood g
prosecutive-case g
prospective-aspect g
protasis g
proximal g
past-tense g
patient-trigger g
particle g
participle g
partitive-case g
purposive g
question-word g
quotative-case g
rational-gender g
realis-mood g
recent-past-tense g
soon-future-tense g
reciprocal-voice g 3
referential g
reflexive-voice g 3
remote-past-tense g
remote-future-tense g
reported-evidential g 3
resultative g
retrospective g
referential g
subject-case g
subjunctive-mood g
same-event-marker g
sensory-evidential-mood g 2
sequential g
singular-number g
singulative-number g
speculative-mood g
same-subject-marker g
subessive-case g
sublative-case g
successive-clause g
superlative-degree g
superlative-case g
superessive-case g
agent-trigger g
patient-trigger g
telic-aspect g
temporal-case g
terminative-case g
tense g
topic-case g
transitive-verb g
translative g
trans-numeral g
motion-uphill g 3
motion-upriver g 3
usitative g
verbal g
verbalizer g
ditransitive g
venitive g
veridical g 3
vialis-case g
visible-evidential g 3
verbal-noun g
vocative-case g
volitive-mood g
transitive g
zoic-gender g
to-case g
from-case g
at-case g
space-marker g
state-marker g
social-marker g
evidential-case g
amount-marker g
destination-case g
initiative-case g
interrogative-mood g
complementizer g
cessative-aspect g
vegetal-gender g
commissive-mood g
necessitative-mood g
eventive-mood g
permissive-mood g
assumptive-mood g
deductive-mood g
atelic-aspect g
continutive-aspect g
momentane-aspect g
semelfactive-aspect g
causal-case g
mineral-gender g
abstract-gender g
benedictive-mood g
pro-phrase g
pro-sentence g
independent-clause g
dependent-clause g 2
