hi li hu 是 li ha ya
ha li hu 对象 li ha ya
hu li hu 主题 li ha ya
mi li hu 我 li ha ya
ma li hu 什么 li ha ya
mu li hu 男性 li ha ya
ki li hu 和 ha ya
ka li hu 如 li ha ya
ku li hu 如果 li ha ya
yi li hu 此 li ha ya
yu li hu 你 li ha ya
ya li hu 啊 li ha ya
pi li hu 的 li ha ya
pa li hu 这-事 li ha ya
pu li hu 没有 li ha ya
wi li hu 我们 li ha ya
wa li hu 或 ha ya
wu li hu 由 li ha ya
ni li hu 在 li ha ya
na li hu 数字 li ha ya
si li hu 他们 li ha ya
nu li hu 现在 ha ya
ti li hu 之 ha ya
su li hu 从 li ha ya
ta li hu 到 li ha ya
tu li hu 尒 li ha ya
li li hu 字面 li ha ya
fa li hu 大约 li ha ya
la li hu 哎 li ha ya
lu li hu 复数 li ha ya
fi li hu 女人 li ha ya
ci li hu 是吗？ li ha ya
fu li hu 将 li ha ya
mya li hu 可能是 li ha ya
ca li hu 中性 li ha ya
kyi li hu 有条件 ha ya
mwa li hu 同 li ha ya
kya li hu 旁白 li ha ya
sa li hu 该 ha ya
kyu li hu 因为 li ha ya
kwa li hu 即，这 li ha ya
ksa li hu 引文结束 li ha ya
kli li hu 他 li ha ya
kla li hu 但 li ha ya
klu li hu 第尾巴 li ha ya
kca li hu 哈 li ha ya
pya li hu 上 li ha ya
psu li hu 从源 li ha ya
pwa li hu 或者 ha ya
pli li hu 例如 li ha ya
pca li hu 姁 li ha ya
nyi li hu 不 li ha ya
nya li hu 亦即 li ha ya
sya li hu 单数 li ha ya
syi li hu 很 li ha ya
syu li hu 所以 li ha ya
swi li hu 而 li ha ya
sla li hu 您好 li ha ya
tyi li hu 引用 li ha ya
twu li hu 双重 li ha ya
tsa li hu 直到 li ha ya
tsi li hu 是的 li ha ya
tsu li hu 出 li ha ya
tla li hu 为 li ha ya
fyi li hu 她的 li ha ya
twa li hu 然后 li ha ya
tli li hu 第 ha ya
min hu 减 li ha ya
mik hu 使 li ha ya
miy hu 等待 ha ya
mip hu 过去 ha ya
mit hu 中间 li ha ya
mak hu 字 ha ya
man hu 想 li ha ya
mat hu 母亲 li ha ya
mun hu 男 li ha ya
mas hu 块 li ha ya
mac hu 机 li ha ya
mut hu 救命 li ha ya
mul hu 满 li ha ya
kim hu 比较 ha ya
kiy hu 去 ha ya
kip hu 能 li ha ya
kin hu 主 li ha ya
kam hu 来 li ha ya
kis hu 高 li ha ya
kit hu 结束 li ha ya
kap hu 头 ha ya
kan hu 知道 li ha ya
kas hu 事业 li ha ya
kaf hu 阴极 li ha ya
kuy hu 成长 li ha ya
kat hu 得到 li ha ya
kal hu 所有 li ha ya
kum hu 贸易 li ha ya
kus hu 食品 li ha ya
kuc hu 小 li ha ya
yis hu 写 li ha ya
kup hu 购买 li ha ya
kun hu 红 li ha ya
yik hu 否定 ha ya
yum hu 肢 li ha ya
yat hu 阅读 li ha ya
yun hu 减 li ha ya
yak hu 一些 li ha ya
yac hu 宽度 li ha ya
pis hu 乘 li ha ya
pit hu 白 li ha ya
pic hu 小便 li ha ya
yus hu 使用 li ha ya
pay hu 更多 li ha ya
yul hu 整个 li ha ya
pam hu 良好 ha ya
pas hu 传 li ha ya
pak hu 体 ha ya
paw hu 地方 ha ya
pat hu 父亲 li ha ya
pus hu 便便 li ha ya
pal hu 许多 li ha ya
pan hu 见面 ha ya
puk hu 坏 li ha ya
win hu 赢 li ha ya
pac hu 欢乐 li ha ya
puy hu 孩子 ha ya
put hu 卖 li ha ya
pul hu 蓝色 li ha ya
fut hu 未来 ha ya
wan hu 爱 li ha ya
wut hu 光 li ha ya
niy hu 需要 li ha ya
wap hu 尾 ha ya
wat hu 说话 li ha ya
nay hu 呼 li ha ya
nim hu 名字 li ha ya
nat hu 夜晚 li ha ya
nut hu 阳极 li ha ya
nit hu 净 li ha ya
nic hu 能源 li ha ya
sip hu 啜 li ha ya
nuy hu 新 li ha ya
sit hu 集 li ha ya
wul hu 大 ha ya
sim hu 类似 li ha ya
nam hu 号码 ha ya
saw hu 黑 li ha ya
sik hu 高度 li ha ya
sil hu 易 li ha ya
nul hu 零 li ha ya
suy hu 输 li ha ya
sap hu 简单 li ha ya
say hu 说 li ha ya
sam hu 同 li ha ya
tim hu 球队 li ha ya
tik hu 持有 li ha ya
san hu 自我 li ha ya
sat hu 声音 li ha ya
sup hu 付 li ha ya
tis hu 吸入 li ha ya
sut hu 尺寸 li ha ya
tiy hu 天 li ha ya
naw hu 现时 ha ya
tip hu 开始 li ha ya
til hu 低 li ha ya
tin hu 见 li ha ya
tam hu 话题 li ha ya
tak hu 添加 li ha ya
tuk hu 喝 li ha ya
tay hu 放 li ha ya
tan hu 给 li ha ya
tas hu 选择 li ha ya
tup hu 深度 li ha ya
tum hu 温度 li ha ya
tap hu 触摸 li ha ya
tuf hu 难 li ha ya
fin hu 女 li ha ya
fit hu 适合 li ha ya
tul hu 工具 li ha ya
lik hu 电荷 li ha ya
lin hu 长度 li ha ya
ciy hu 绿 li ha ya
cif hu 分 li ha ya
lis hu 住 li ha ya
lit hu 字形 li ha ya
myut hu 进口 li ha ya
cim hu 听 li ha ya
cik hu 少数 ha minhnam hi ya
myit hu 记得 li ha ya
cak hu 事 li ha ya
can hu 机会 li ha ya
myun hu 聘用 li ha ya
cal hu 举 li ha ya
myan hu 软 li ha ya
kyim hu 游戏 li ha ya
myat hu 数学 li ha ya
kyip hu 衣服 li ha ya
myul hu 道德 li ha ya
kwit hu 重力 li ha ya
kwat hu 关怀 li ha ya
myin hu 梦 li ha ya
kyus hu 开玩笑 li ha ya
kyil hu 圈 li ha ya
kyin hu 一般 li ha ya
kyap hu 复制 li ha ya
kyup hu 组 li ha ya
ksat hu 准确 li ha ya
kyat hu 硬 li ha ya
ksil hu 水晶 li ha ya
kyul hu 规则 li ha ya
ksap hu 表达 li ha ya
ksip hu 访问 li ha ya
ksam hu 黑暗 li ha ya
ksin hu 背景 li ha ya
ksal hu 星系 li ha ya
klaw hu 笑 li ha ya
ksan hu 组织 li ha ya
ksum hu 沟通 li ha ya
kliy hu 明确 li ha ya
klin hu 电子 li ha ya
ktin hu 宗教 li ha ya
kcat hu 八 li ha ya
pyik hu 休息 li ha ya
ksut hu 收集 li ha ya
pyit hu 四 li ha ya
ksul hu 学校 li ha ya
klac hu 除 li ha ya
pyaw hu 对 li ha ya
klas hu 类 li ha ya
klat hu 条款 li ha ya
kcim hu 化学 li ha ya
pyan hu 代词 ha ya
pyil hu 呼吁 li ha ya
kfin hu 配置 li ha ya
pyas hu 快 li ha ya
pyin hu 经验 li ha ya
pyam hu 计划 li ha ya
pyat hu 提示 li ha ya
pyut hu 质子 li ha ya
psil hu 拼 li ha ya
pyul hu 熬 li ha ya
pwas hu 答案 li ha ya
pyuf hu 证明 li ha ya
pwil hu 变量 li ha ya
pwut hu 批准 li ha ya
psiy hu 压力 li ha ya
plis hu 附近的 li ha ya
psit hu 速度 li ha ya
pyuc hu 工程 li ha ya
psan hu 空间 li ha ya
psat hu 面 li ha ya
pfis hu 偏爱 li ha ya
psal hu 帆 li ha ya
nyip hu 镜 li ha ya
psun hu 来源 li ha ya
psut hu 承诺 li ha ya
nyat hu 进入 li ha ya
plum hu 问题 li ha ya
plam hu 血浆 li ha ya
plin hu 平面 li ha ya
nyul hu 滚 li ha ya
syim hu 七 li ha ya
pfal hu 失败 li ha ya
syip hu 清洁 li ha ya
pcit hu 欣赏 li ha ya
pcil hu 特别 li ha ya
plan hu 计划 li ha ya
plat hu 行星 li ha ya
syan hu 青色 li ha ya
pfus hu 公共汽车 li ha ya
slim hu 例 ha ya
swit hu 开关 li ha ya
play hu 玩 li ha ya
nlic hu 英语 li ha ya
syic hu 研究 li ha ya
syam hu 留 li ha ya
nyit hu 单元 li ha ya
nyus hu 电离 li ha ya
slin hu 单 li ha ya
nyut hu 中子 li ha ya
nyis hu 参考 li ha ya
syat hu 固 li ha ya
tyik hu 衰变 li ha ya
syut hu 支持 li ha ya
syun hu 宇宙 li ha ya
swil hu 灵魂 li ha ya
swat hu 水 li ha ya
swuy hu 问题 li ha ya
swun hu 睡觉 li ha ya
syit hu 发送 li ha ya
tyif hu 值得 li ha ya
syak hu 醒 li ha ya
slof hu 词汇 li ha ya
slam hu 升华 li ha ya
tkun hu 中国 li ha ya
tyip hu 再次 li ha ya
tyap hu 尝试 li ha ya
tyaw hu 主意 li ha ya
tyas hu 扔 li ha ya
tyic hu 方向 li ha ya
tkic hu 翻译，字典 li ha ya
tyus hu 案件 li ha ya
tyim hu 颤抖 li ha ya
twif hu 形容词 li ha ya
tyis hu 过渡 li ha ya
tsik hu 六 li ha ya
tsiy hu 故事 li ha ya
tsip hu 步 li ha ya
tyuc hu 教 li ha ya
tyil hu 冷 li ha ya
tyam hu 原子 li ha ya
tyak hu 喊 li ha ya
tyin hu 三 li ha ya
tyan hu 串 li ha ya
tyup hu 机器人 li ha ya
twis hu 真 li ha ya
tsiw hu 卫星 li ha ya
tsim hu 一起 li ha ya
tsin hu 指令 li ha ya
tsil hu 值得 li ha ya
tsuy hu 坐 li ha ya
tsak hu 攻击 li ha ya
tsan hu 学生 li ha ya
tsam hu 目的 li ha ya
tsay hu 明星 li ha ya
tsap hu 财产 li ha ya
tsum hu 研究 li ha ya
tlas hu 菜 li ha ya
tsal hu 状态 li ha ya
tsaf hu 味道 li ha ya
tsuk hu 店 li ha ya
tsul hu 成人 li ha ya
tful hu 两 li ha ya
tlik hu 电力 li ha ya
tlis hu 欲望 li ha ya
tcap hu 透明 li ha ya
tlam hu 翻译 li ha ya
tlin hu 序数词 ha ya
tlun hu 三联点 li ha ya
tfim hu 临时 li ha ya
tfin hu 个人 li ha ya
fwap hu 五 li ha ya
tfak hu 污垢 li ha ya
tlan hu 传统 li ha ya
flan hu 洪水 li ha ya
flat hu 平 li ha ya
tcil hu 监狱 li ha ya
tfus hu 破坏 li ha ya
tcin hu 链 li ha ya
tcun hu 动力 li ha ya
tfal hu 文件 li ha ya
tcan hu 树 li ha ya
flay hu 飞 li ha ya
fwil hu 力 li ha ya
fwas hu 相 li ha ya
mink hu 心 li ha ya
fyas hu 短语 li ha ya
cyin hu 学习 li ha ya
flit hu 笛 li ha ya
fluc hu 流 li ha ya
clin hu 关系 li ha ya
mayn hu 和谐 li ha ya
flut hu 花 li ha ya
mant hu 品红 li ha ya
miyt hu 察觉 li ha ya
clut hu 超临界流体 li ha ya
clum hu 句子 li ha ya
miwk hu 人 ha ya
miyk hu 发送 li ha ya
mist hu 测量 li ha ya
milt hu 熔 li ha ya
musk hu 音乐 li ha ya
mayp hu 地图 li ha ya
mans hu 人的 li ha ya
mayt hu 虚机 li ha ya
mast hu 事 li ha ya
kiyn hu 一 li ha ya
kint hu 兑换 li ha ya
muys hu 情感 li ha ya
must hu 最 li ha ya
munk hu 可能 li ha ya
munt hu 情绪 li ha ya
mint hu 方法 li ha ya
muyt hu 盟友 li ha ya
malt hu 材料 li ha ya
mack hu 想像 li ha ya
kamt hu 语法 ha ya
kiyp hu 纸 li ha ya
kant hu 不变 li ha ya
kasp hu 抓 li ha ya
kast hu 创建 li ha ya
mult hu 模 li ha ya
kift hu 原谅 li ha ya
kisp hu 指数 li ha ya
kays hu 语法情况 li ha ya
kayn hu 流流 li ha ya
kayt hu 热 li ha ya
kaws hu 气 li ha ya
kimt hu 挂 li ha ya
kaft hu 确认 li ha ya
kump hu 复 li ha ya
kumt hu 命令 li ha ya
yinp hu 回报 li ha ya
kuym hu 常见 li ha ya
kuyn hu 共轭 li ha ya
yilk hu 黄 li ha ya
yimk hu 问 ha ya
yawt hu 危害 li ha ya
kuyt hu 关键点 li ha ya
kuls hu 残酷 li ha ya
kusp hu 崩溃 li ha ya
kust hu 不变 li ha ya
yist hu 出口 li ha ya
yimt hu 韵律 li ha ya
kuwt hu 代码 li ha ya
piyn hu 意见 li ha ya
yink hu 环 li ha ya
yasp hu 工作 li ha ya
yamt hu 佩服 li ha ya
kunt hu 控制 li ha ya
kult hu 文化 li ha ya
yalt hu 早 li ha ya
yilt hu 欧拉数 li ha ya
yusk hu 东部 li ha ya
yask hu 反应 li ha ya
yuyp hu 欧洲 li ha ya
yunt hu 集装箱 li ha ya
yast hu 免费 li ha ya
wiyp hu 动词 ha ya
pist hu 许可证 li ha ya
yalk hu 车辆 li ha ya
yulp hu 角色 li ha ya
piys hu PI li ha ya
pamt hu 永久 li ha ya
pays hu 基地 li ha ya
yult hu 效用 li ha ya
puyk hu 语法对象 li ha ya
panp hu 面包 li ha ya
nist hu 九 li ha ya
past hu 生产 li ha ya
pant hu 借 li ha ya
nuys hu 噪音 li ha ya
punt hu 点 li ha ya
nuls hu 零 li ha ya
pust hu 尘 li ha ya
pack hu 享受 li ha ya
siyt hu 建议 li ha ya
nims hu 万物有灵 li ha ya
pult hu 老 li ha ya
sift hu 移 li ha ya
sayk hu 明智 li ha ya
nilt hu 情报 li ha ya
nast hu 兴趣 li ha ya
nuyt hu 北 li ha ya
nusp hu 忘记 li ha ya
niym hu 名词 ha ya
sanp hu 扩展 li ha ya
wins hu 金星 li ha ya
wuym hu 音量 li ha ya
wint hu 风 li ha ya
tiyk hu 十 li ha ya
tiyn hu 继续 li ha ya
siyn hu 似乎 li ha ya
niyt hu 第n根 li ha ya
sint hu 感觉 li ha ya
tiws hu 剧院 li ha ya
nuks hu UNIX li ha ya
nust hu 通知 li ha ya
sunt hu 南 li ha ya
sulc hu 解 li ha ya
sark hu 讽刺 li ha ya
nuft hu 敌对 li ha ya
tiym hu 晚 li ha ya
simt hu 限制 li ha ya
nalt hu 大自然 li ha ya
sayt hu 光速的 li ha ya
tiyf hu 驱动器 li ha ya
sant hu 艺术 li ha ya
suyt hu 语法学科 ha ya
timp hu 语法时态 ha ya
tawk hu 权威 li ha ya
tiys hu 距离 li ha ya
tink hu 文本 li ha ya
tiwk hu 活动 li ha ya
tisk hu 文本 li ha ya
tinp hu 黄金比例 li ha ya
tick hu 词典 ha ya
tisp hu 代表 li ha ya
tayk hu 附 li ha ya
tuym hu 世界 li ha ya
liys hu 自由 li ha ya
task hu 任务 li ha ya
tank hu 突然 li ha ya
taym hu 时间 li ha ya
talp hu 表 li ha ya
tuys hu 贼 li ha ya
lisk hu 假期 li ha ya
tukc hu 土耳其 li ha ya
tayn hu 区域 li ha ya
layt hu 十一 li ha ya
lank hu 当地 li ha ya
tunk hu 大脑 li ha ya
tusk hu 进度 li ha ya
tamk hu 看 li ha ya
liwk hu 法律 li ha ya
tanp hu 出现 li ha ya
tack hu 谢谢 li ha ya
tuwm hu 长短 li ha ya
fayt hu 事实 li ha ya
list hu 至少 li ha ya
fals hu 假 li ha ya
falt hu 默认 li ha ya
funk hu 功能 li ha ya
lant hu 慢 li ha ya
fult hu 饭店 li ha ya
liyk hu 液体 li ha ya
liwt hu 礼物 li ha ya
liyt hu 文学 li ha ya
fint hu 发现 li ha ya
liyn hu 线 li ha ya
layk hu 湖 li ha ya
link hu 链接 li ha ya
faym hu 农场 li ha ya
lint hu 里面 li ha ya
fans hu 法国 li ha ya
lumk hu 对数 li ha ya
lunt hu 人 li ha ya
fuym hu 形式 li ha ya
funm hu 音素 li ha ya
lunp hu 环 li ha ya
luwt hu 琵琶 li ha ya
kwal hu 语言 ha ya
budz hu 佛教 li ha ya
cinp hu 信息 li ha ya